Sunny Savita: Hey, hello everyone, I'm Audible, can you please confirm?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's start, let's begin with the class. I hope my screen is visible.
Sunny Savita: Can you please confirm in the chat if you can see my screen?
Sunny Savita: Great, guys.
Sunny Savita: So, let's start, let's begin.
Sunny Savita: Just give me a moment, wait.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so let's start with the class. I hope I am visible to all of you.
Sunny Savita: So, in the previous class, guys, we were talking about the instruction fine tuning. Now, in today's class, guys, we'll talk about the preference tuning, okay? So, how many of you, you attended my previous session? Can you please, let me know in the chat?
Sunny Savita: If you have joined my previous class, then please do let me know in the chat. Until, let me open the…
Sunny Savita: Let me open the dashboard.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Abhishek.
Sunny Savita: So guys, are you applying for the jobs also?
Sunny Savita: How many of you, you are applying for the jobs? Parallelly, I'm asking, anyone is applying for the jobs, or anyone looking for the transition into the AI?
Sunny Savita: Or you are waiting to finish this particular course.
Sunny Savita: So guys, if you are getting any sort of a placement opportunity, right? If you are getting placed somewhere, anywhere, so please let us know. You can, directly mail to me, you can directly ping to me, okay?
Sunny Savita: anything is fine, so we'll get to know about you, that, yeah, our student is getting place, so that we can list you, over the Hall of Fame, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, if you are getting place, if you are getting any job opportunity, if you are able to transition, right, from one technology to AI, or if you are fresher and able to get a job, right, or if you are experienced folks and able to get the AI architect role, AI tech lead role, right? So, please do let us know.
Sunny Savita: how this course is helping to you, and are you really able to, like, learn anything, and able to apply in the real time, okay? So, you can give that kind of appreciation, or you can basically write us over the mail. Got it.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share your resume also.
Sunny Savita: Fine, so… let me give you the mail ID. Guys, please keep it with you.
Sunny Savita: You can directly ping me over here.
Sunny Savita: I think you have a… you have a Krishnak support mail ID as well, right? The one more mail ID, you can ping over there as well.
Sunny Savita: Both is fine. So let me check with the previous session whether it is updated or not over the dashboard. So, this is the previous class.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so… yes, the lecture is up to date. You can go and check out… you can go and check out with the dashboard itself. If you're a new joinee, then please check out the dashboard. All the recordings, you will get over the dashboard itself. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Now let me show you the resource as well. So, all the resources we are maintaining under one GitHub repository.
Sunny Savita: So, you can basically download all the resources from there itself.
Sunny Savita: So, give me a moment, let me open that as well.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the resource, guys. This is the repository, guys, where I have, kept all the resources, okay? So class-wise, I have maintained all the resources, even the interview question, and even I will upload the resume as well.
Sunny Savita: So, you can check out the resume also from this same repository. You can download the resume from the same repository, okay? Now, guys, in the previous class, we were talking about the fine-tuning. Fine-tuning of what? Fine-tuning of the instruction data, right?
Sunny Savita: So, we have taken one LRM, and we have taken the instruction data, and on top of that, we have performed the fine-tuning. If you have attended my previous class, then you must be know, right? So, in which order we are doing this fine-tuning. So, we are taking the completely industry-grade approach, okay?
Sunny Savita: And, in the same manner, actually, we are perform… performing this fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: So, first, we have performed the non-instruction fine-tuning, so we are having any raw data, how we can perform the fine-tuning using that data.
Sunny Savita: We understood about that. Then, guys, we came to the instruction tuning, and we understood how many ways we have for the, how many ways we have for creating the instruction data set.
Sunny Savita: Then we have performed the instruction fine-tuning. We have, we have done all the fine-tuning using the LoRa and QLORA, and as of now, we are doing this entire fine-tuning with the help of Hugging Face, framework, okay?
Sunny Savita: Going forward means in tomorrow or day after tomorrow, I will discuss about the different framework, that is Unsloth. So, I will show you how you can perform the fine-tuning using the different, other, framework, like Unsloth. So, for sure, in the upcoming class, maybe tomorrow or day after tomorrow, sorry, maybe tomorrow or in the next weekend, we'll look into that, okay?
Sunny Savita: And then we'll, complete our fine-tuning syllabus, fine-tuning module.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, I have shown you this fine-tuning using the LoRa technique, right? But we yet to discuss this LoRa in detail, so we'll discuss that. Maybe today or tomorrow, I will discuss those theoretical concepts, okay? I will explain you over the Blackboard itself.
Sunny Savita: But first, guys, let me do one thing, let me complete this fine-tuning, okay? Let me complete the order.
Sunny Savita: So let me complete this preference tuning so that, our entire pipeline will be complete. Okay, and after that, whatever remaining concept we have, I will discuss those concepts related to this fine-tuning. Like LoRaQLORA, I'll discuss the theory of the RLHF, okay?
Sunny Savita: And even I'll discuss the, discuss the fine-tuning using the unslot, and then I will give you one assignment also. So maybe tomorrow I'll give you one assignment related to this fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: And that's going to be a good one, okay? So, if you're going to be complete that assignment, means you can, means, basically, you can, revise all the concept of the fine-tuning from starting to end. Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, if you're talking about the fine-tuning, so in the instruction fine-tuning, you know, how we have fine-tuned the model. So, we had a data where we had… we had two main columns. The first column is called the instruction, the second column is called the input, and the third column is called the output, okay? So, we had 3 columns inside the data.
Sunny Savita: The data format may be changed, if we are, like, if we are following, approach from some other, module, from some other company's perspective, right? So the data format may be changed.
Sunny Savita: So, if we are performing the fine-tuning of the OpenAI model in that case, we have some other models, right? Sorry, we have some other columns inside the data, like system message, human message, or AI message, that is a
Sunny Savita: AI message, right? AI message, basically, or AI assistant message, okay? So in that format also, we can prepare a data for the instruction fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, guys, here, in the previous class, I've shown you the data format for the instruction fine-tuning. There, we had three columns. One was the instruction, second was the input, and third was the output. So, this is also very well known, this is also a very well-known format for, performing the instruction fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: So, in this particular format, basically, we can prepare our data for the SFT, okay? For the instruction fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Now we have to see, if we are doing a preference tuning, then how we can prepare our data accordingly. So, guys, if you have joined my previous session, there I already discussed the fundamental concept of the preference tuning. So, have you joined my previous class, guys? Tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Previous to previous classes. Are you following my all the classes?
Sunny Savita: If you're following my… all the classes, then you must be knowing about it, that yes, that you must be knowing about the preference unique, the fundamental concept of that. So, let me give you the quick recap of that, and after that only, we'll start with the practical, okay? And I will share the updated notebook with all of you, so that you can follow it.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, what I'm doing, first, I'm going to be explain the idea of the preference tuning, and after that, what I'll do, guys, after that, basically, I'll, perform the practical, okay? So, let me explain you over the blackboard itself. I hope it is visible to all of you. Can you see my blackboard?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, in the backend, guys, Yash is with me, so if you have any doubt in the chat, you can ask, basically, if you are not able to answer any sort of a question, you can discuss with me in the doubt session, okay? So, right after the class, we have a doubt session, live doubt session. So, guys, we're talking about…
Sunny Savita: Okay, let me write over here. We're talking about the fine-tuning, the first stage of the fine-tuning is called… what it is called, guys, tell me.
Sunny Savita: So the first stage is called the non-instruction tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, on what kind of data we are going to perform the non-instruction tutoring, can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: So we're going to be perform this non-instruction tuning over the raw data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, this raw data, actually, it could be available anywhere, at any place. So, in the previous class only, I showed you that what water places this raw data could be available. Getting my point? Now, the second is called the instruction tuning.
Sunny Savita: Now, this instruction tuning… It is also called the supervised fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: What it is called, guys, it is also called supervised fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Now, what kind of data we are going to be perform this supervised fine-tuning on top of the
Sunny Savita: Instruction, data.
Sunny Savita: In the instruction data, basically we'll be having the input, input column, output column.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: And we would be having the instruction column also.
Sunny Savita: So, input column, output column, instruction column, so this column would be available. So, this is a very well-known format, alpaca format.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, we have some different other format also. So, we're talking about the OpenAI format. OpenAI format for the instruction fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: So, in that case, the data would be available in the different format, okay? The column names are going to be different.
Sunny Savita: So, the first column name is going to be System.
Sunny Savita: Then the second is going to be user, right? And the third column name is going to be AI, right? AI Assistant.
Sunny Savita: Right? So these are the column names, which you will find out, and inside that, the data would be same.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, we have, performed the fine-tuning using this particular format. We have prepared our data in this particular format, right? Now, how to prepare the instruction data? So, we have a different, different ways of preparing the instruction data, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I'm sharing my screen, Abhishek. I think it is visible to all of you, right?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, if we're talking about the instruction data, so how we can prepare the instruction data? So, the very first one is the manual way.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Manual way of preparing this instruction data.
Sunny Savita: My screen is not visible, guys.
Sunny Savita: Is it?
Sunny Savita: Able to see, right?
Sunny Savita: You are able to see my screen, correct? Okay, guys.
Sunny Savita: Everyone is able to see my screen. I think, people are having some issue. Just join this session again. The second ways are, synthetic data, okay?
Sunny Savita: synthetic data, or the data using the AI.
Sunny Savita: data.
Sunny Savita: Using AI.
Sunny Savita: So we can provide some raw data to the AI, we can give some instruction, and then this instruction data could be prepared. Getting my point? Now, the third kind of tuning is called the preference tuning. So let me write the third kind of tuning, which is called what? Which is called the…
Sunny Savita: preference tuning.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: preference tuning. Now, what is the aim of this preference tuning? Why we are performing this preference tuning?
Sunny Savita: If you have attended my previous session, definitely you can answer for this question. So, we are doing this preference tuning to align the model with the human answer, okay? To align the model.
Sunny Savita: With the… human responses.
Sunny Savita: human.
Sunny Savita: Responses.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So for that only, what we are doing, we are going to be perform this preference tuning. So, let's say my question is… what is my question? My question could be anything, right? My question is, how to
Sunny Savita: How to… Prepare.
Sunny Savita: 4… the exam.
Sunny Savita: within 48 hours.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, this is my question, guys. Now, this… there could be multiple answers for this one. So, let's say the answer one is…
Sunny Savita: what AI is saying. AI is saying, study… 48R continuously.
Sunny Savita: Okay, without break.
Sunny Savita: So this is my first answer.
Sunny Savita: Without what? Without break. Okay? So this is the first answer, which is being generated by the AI.
Sunny Savita: The second answer, basically, it could be like this.
Sunny Savita: Take… Important question.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Take the important caution.
Sunny Savita: Learn?
Sunny Savita: from… Previous.
Sunny Savita: Learned from previous… quotient paper.
Sunny Savita: Erin?
Sunny Savita: Take a short break.
Sunny Savita: Between study, right?
Sunny Savita: Between a study. Now, guys, tell me which answer you will prefer.
Sunny Savita: Which answer is going to be a more appropriate one? The first answer is going to be a more appropriate one, or the second answer is going to be a more appropriate one. So here, guys, clearly, we can clearly see the second answer is going to be a more appropriate one.
Sunny Savita: Right? So the second answer, actually, is going to be a more appropriate one. So this is what, actually, we are doing inside the preference tuning. So here is what… here is my prompt.
Sunny Savita: Right? What is here? Here is my prompt.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Then, this is mine.
Sunny Savita: Rejected answer.
Sunny Savita: Rejected answer. And this is what, this is my selected answer.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? So, this is what, basically, we are doing inside the preference tuning, or it is also called the preference alignment. So, ChatGPT have done this particular training, right, and you will find out that in many enterprises, we are doing this kind of training.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. So we're talking about the data preparation, so inside the data, right? So how many columns would be there? We're talking about the data. So, inside the data, we would be having 3 main columns.
Sunny Savita: The first column is called the prompt.
Sunny Savita: The second is called a chosen, right? We are going to be choose the answer, and the third is going to be reject.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, in this particular format, basically, we'll have to prepare the data. Now, in how many ways we can prepare the data? So, we have two ways of preparing a data.
Sunny Savita: The first, basically, manual way.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: manual way. In the manual way, basically, what we are doing, so SME, actually, SME, or Domain Export.
Sunny Savita: manually, right, they are trying to generate this kind of data, okay? So we are… we are able to generate at least thousand line, right? At least thousand rows. If we are able to generate at least 1,000 rows, thousand to ten thousand rows, right? It would be more than enough.
Sunny Savita: It would be more than enough for this preference alignment. Getting my point. Another second… this is the first way, guys, right? So, this is what… this is the first way. Now, what is the second way, guys? Second way with the help of AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay? With the help of AI, we can generate the… with the help of AI, we can generate the data. So what we can do, we can provide some raw data.
Sunny Savita: We can provide some raw data to the model, we can provide some instruction to the model, okay? And then what you will be getting, guys, you will be getting the data, your preference data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? You will be getting what? You will be getting the data, your preference data.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Yes or no? Now, if you… if you remember, right? If you remember, yeah, this is also called the synthetic data. If you remember, right, while using the ChatGPT, so ChatGPT is also asking to you, to give the boat, right? So, let's say if you are writing any sort of a prompt.
Sunny Savita: So sometimes it is going to be generate two responses.
Sunny Savita: It's going to be generated what? It's going to be generate the two responses. The response one.
Sunny Savita: And the response, 2.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: how many people have faced this particular situation while they are chatting with the chat GPT? I think everyone have faced this particular scenario. They have faced this particular situation, right, while they are generating the answer from the chat GPT.
Sunny Savita: So, prompt, whenever we are going to provide the prompt, so it's giving you the two responses, and it is asking to you which response you are going to be prefer.
Sunny Savita: Is it asking to you which response you are going to be preferred? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So guys, this is the response one, this is the response two. So, let's say if you are going to be prefer this particular response.
Sunny Savita: Right? If you're going to be prefer this particular response, so this activity is going to be recorded in the backend, and they are going to be take this particular data for the further training.
Sunny Savita: Understood, yes or no. So next time, if someone is going to be asked the same question, then rather this one, it will prefer this particular response.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you that why we are going to be using this preference tuning? What is the aim behind this preference tuning? If the idea and the fundamental is going to be clear, please let me know, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, what we are doing, guys, so over here, see, we had the data, right?
Sunny Savita: we had the data. Now, tell me, guys, the data belonged to which, domain? The data, basically, which we were using for the fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: So the data, basically, we were, using from the pharma domain.
Sunny Savita: Okay? But the data could be available, the data could belong to any domain, yes or no. This data, actually, it could belong to any sort of a domain.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. So, as of now, we are doing the fine-tuning using the pharma data, right? But data could belong to any domain. Now, using this particular data, so we have took the model, what is our model name?
Sunny Savita: What is our model name?
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me? Our model name is what? Tiny Llama.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So this is our model. Now, can you take any model?
Sunny Savita: Is it feasible to all of you? Yes or no? Tell me. Can you take any model? Yes, we can take any model. We can consider any SLM which is having parameter less than 10 billion.
Sunny Savita: Okay? But again, guys, if you are going to be considered any sort of a model in that case, in that case, definitely, the resources would be required.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Resources would be required.
Sunny Savita: Resources would be required means, as of now, we are going to be using the free version of the collab.
Sunny Savita: free collab version. As of now, we are using the free collab version. But guys, if you are going to take any huge model, right, or any model which is having parameter more than 2 to 3 billion, in that case also, you cannot perform the fine-tuning over the free collab version.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Yes or no? So, for that, you might, take this paid version of the collab.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: If we are going to fine-tune using the basic hugging face.
Sunny Savita: Okay, the native Hugging phase. If you're going to use the Hugging Face, the Hugging Face framework, in that case, you will have to take the paid version.
Sunny Savita: But guys, on top of the hugging phase, one more level of optimization is available. One more library is available on top of the hugging phase, right? Which I need to introduce, okay, which I will introduce in the upcoming session. The library name is going to be Unsloth.
Sunny Savita: So, Unsloth is a very good library, which we can utilize for performing the fine-tuning, even over the lower memory. So, definitely, I'll show you the differences between the Hugging Face and the Unsloth, that how much less memory is being taken care of by this Unsloth.
Sunny Savita: Okay? With a minimum amount of memory, we can perform the fine-tuning using the onslot. So that we'll understand in the upcoming session. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, we have taken the model, right, and the model name was a Tiny Llama. Now, using this particular model, right, so we have used this particular model, and what we have done, so we have performed the non-instruction tuning.
Sunny Savita: Now, can anyone tell me, guys, are we going to train the entire model, or are we going to train the LoRa adapter over here?
Sunny Savita: Tell me what we are going to do. Can anyone tell me? So here, we're talking about…
Sunny Savita: Sorry, sorry guys, now I'm audible? Now I'm audible? Okay, sorry.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Sunny Savita: I think, by mistake, I got on… I was on mute, so, yeah. So, over here, guys, you can see, so we have… we are going to be perform the non-instruction fine-tuning, and, we were using the LoRa adapter. Okay, LoRa adapter. So, we had a base model, and on top of it, basically, we have trained the LoRa adapter. And then, finally, we have merged this model.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So finally, we have merged this model, and after the merging, basically, we have saved this model. Yes?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. They're the same model we have load, alright? They're the same model we have load.
Sunny Savita: We have loaded our same model.
Sunny Savita: What we have done, guys, tell me, we have loaded our same model, and on top of it, to make it better, to make it, like a conversational model, okay, what we have done, we have performed the instruction tuning.
Sunny Savita: Now, while we are doing an instruction tuning, guys, tell me…
Sunny Savita: Tell me, this merge model become my base model.
Sunny Savita: This merge model, actually, it become my… it become my base model.
Sunny Savita: And on top of it, what we have trained, can anyone tell me? On top of that, we have trained the lower adapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: We have trained up.
Sunny Savita: LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So we had the merge model. This merged model, basically, we have used this merged model, this merged model, as a base model, and on top of it, again, we have trained the load adapter. Now, after that, guys, what we have done, so we have, basically, merged it, finally. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So we have mods this model, finally.
Sunny Savita: Now, what we do, guys? Tell me. Now, again, we'll load this merge model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Again, we'll load the merge model.
Sunny Savita: And after loading the merged model, guys, what we will be doing, tell me, after loading the merge model, this merged model, actually, we are going to be used as a base model now.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: This merge model, we are going to be used as a base model now, and on top of it, what I'll do, I'll perform the… I'll use the… I'll train the LoRa adapter, okay? LoRa adapter. So, how many LoRa adapter we have trained? So, we have trained 3 LoRa adapter. One for the preference tuning.
Sunny Savita: Second, basically, for the instruction tuning, and the third one, basically, for the non-instruction tuning. So, this is my first LoRa adapter, then this is what, this is my second LoRa adapter, okay?
Sunny Savita: And then, I had the third LoRa adapter. So this is what, guys, this is my third Loa adapter. So, can we save this LoRa adapter separately, and we… can we merge this load adapter to any model? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So, yes, we can save this LoRa adapter separately, and we can merge this lower adapter to any model, right? Now, over here, guys, what I will do, so I will make this model
Sunny Savita: preference alignment ready, right? Preference…
Sunny Savita: I will make this model preference aligned ready, okay? So here, guys, what we have done inside this non-instruction fine-tuning, what we have taught to our model. So here, we have taught the basic fundamental understanding of the pharma domain, okay? So we have given the base pharma, base, pharma.
Sunny Savita: So, over here, guys, we have given the base pharma.
Sunny Savita: Understanding.
Sunny Savita: to the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Basic pharma understanding to the model. Now, over here, guys, inside the instruction fine-tuning, we have given the conversational power to the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Conversational power to the model, so that it can follow the instruction, it can follow the given input, and based on that, it can generate the output.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, when we are going to be perform this kind of training, right? When we are going to be perform the preference tuning, so what we are giving to the model, we are aligning the model to be the human responses, okay? We are aligning the model with the appropriate responses. So here, what I'll do, guys, over here, basically, I will align my model
Sunny Savita: I will align my model, I will align my model with width?
Sunny Savita: Human.
Sunny Savita: Or appropriate responses, okay?
Sunny Savita: Appropriate responses.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Now, after this third stage only, my model would be ready.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no. So let me show you the data, like, how the data looks like. And even I will share this data with all of you. So, guys, this data, basically, I kept inside this particular folder. My folder name is Class 23, 13 June, okay?
Sunny Savita: And the folder name is Preference Alignment. So inside this particular folder, I kept the data. So this is my data, okay? Let me…
Sunny Savita: genes, duh?
Sunny Savita: Name of it.
Sunny Savita: So, this is my data, and I kept the data in a both format, right? So the data, basically, it is available in the CSV format, and it is available in the JSNL format, okay? So in any of the… from any of the formats, basically, you can utilize this data.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, here, if I'll show you the data, see, I'm going to be open the data. Now, I hope it is visible to all of you. Let me click on the word wrap, okay? Now, just look into the data. Just look into the first row of the data. So, I'm just going to be copy this row, the first row of the data, and I'm keeping inside my blackboard, okay? So that you will get a better visibility of it.
Sunny Savita: So I'm keeping the first row over here. Guys, see?
Sunny Savita: So, over here, you can see we have a prompt, okay? So, this is the given prompt, or given instruction, or given input, whatever you can say, okay? So, we are saying, explain the primary mechanism action of the metformin, right? So, it is one kind of drug. I think we are using this drug for the insulin resistance, right? For the diabetes cure. So, explain the primary mechanism of action of the
Sunny Savita: for me. So, this is the response, guys, right? So in the response, basically, we have two things.
Sunny Savita: The first is a chosen, right? So here you will see, choose. Means this, answer is being, considered by the, user.
Sunny Savita: And this, answer is, this answer basically is being rejected by the user. So just read out both answers over here. So, chosen in this one, you can see Matt Foreman primarily Y activating.
Sunny Savita: AMP-activated protein, kins, right, also called AMPK. AMPK is a central metabolic regulator that promotes glucose uptake and fatty acid oxidation.
Sunny Savita: This, this, this, that, right? In the rejected, basically, you can see metformin mainly works for increasing and nutrient segregation from the pancreas and kindly function. So this, answer is being rejected. Maybe this is not more appropriate, okay, according to the human preferences, or according to the
Sunny Savita: basically accuracy, right? But over here, you can see this answer is more appropriate. So we'll provide this kind of data to the model, and we'll train our model further on top of this kind of responses. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Sir, why rejected response is required when, as human… but how the AI model will know? We have to tell to the AI model, no, that this is the rejected response, then only the AI model will get to know, na? Does this response no need to be considered in the going-forward conversation, will consider this particular response.
Sunny Savita: Got it
Sunny Savita: Now, how we are going to create this kind of data? So, the first way, basically, you can create this data manually.
Sunny Savita: If you are working in any project, in any real-time project, let's suppose you are working for a pharma company itself, right? For healthcare industry, you are working for any other industry, right? Aviation or for any other industry, right? And inside that industry, you are going to be training your own LLM. You are going to be fine-tuning your own LLM. So, in that case.
Sunny Savita: So, in that case, guys, you are going to be trained this… you are going to be… create this data manually.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you will take a help of the subject matter expertise, you will take a help of the subject matter expertise, and they will, and they will, basically help you to create this kind of data. Otherwise, you can create this kind of data with the help of AI as well. Means, you can give the required document to the… to those, you can give the required document to the AI, you can give the appropriate prompt to the AI,
Sunny Savita: And based on that particular knowledge, AI will generate the data for you.
Sunny Savita: Making sense? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me. So this, as of now, I created a data for the, as of now, I created a data for the practice perspective, okay? So, for the practice perspective only, I created a data. So, what,
Sunny Savita: how many rows I have. First of all, let me show you that. So, if you will look into my data, guys, you will find out around 48 rows.
Sunny Savita: Okay? 48 rows. How rejected data is prepared? Again, I'm saying, now, what need to be selected, what need to be… what no need to be selected? It depends on the requirement, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so manually you can create, or by giving some prompt to the AI or some document, AI can generate that kind of data for you.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Great. So, over here, I hope this entire thing is clear, but first of all, tell me, guys, is this entire idea is clear of the preference tuning?
Sunny Savita: Are you able to understand the entire idea of the preference tuning? If it is clear, do let me know in the chat so that I can show you the practical, okay?
Sunny Savita: you are not going to be reviewed that, okay? The subject matter expertise will review.
Sunny Savita: If it is going to be take entire one year, let it be. But the model outcome should be good. If you're working in any project in the industry, so the project is going to be for one week or two weeks.
Sunny Savita: You are working for the, like, entire month, 6 months, or 1 year, or the 2 year? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Are you going to be worked like this, or like the, basically classes? We are, you are going to be complete everything within an hour, within 2 hours? No. We take time.
Sunny Savita: Okay, first we do some POC, then we do some pilot, or MVPs, and on top of it only, we build our solution. So, it takes time, actually. By the time only, the solution is going to be evolved, okay? So in the same way, this data is going to be prepared. It might take 6 months, 1 year, one and a half year, 2 year.
Sunny Savita: At the end, the responses should be correct. Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, I hope this entire thing is clear. Now, let's do one thing, let's start with the practical, okay? And the rest of the thing, guys, we'll understand in tomorrow's session, when I will discuss, so what I'll do, guys, I'll discuss the… first, I'll, discuss the…
Sunny Savita: Practical. Okay, sorry, first I'll discuss the theory of the LoRa.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Then I'll discuss the theory of the RLHF also.
Sunny Savita: Okay? RLHF also. It is one of the very important, methods, okay?
Sunny Savita: As of now, it is not being used in the industry, but yeah, earlier, basically, it was being used, and it was, used by the OpenAI as well.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so Laura will discuss, RLHF will discuss, so you will get some fundamental understanding. And then, guys, we'll discuss about the DPU as well. I'll give you some theoretical understanding of the DPU also. Like, how this RLHF is a different one. Now, one more point, let me highlight over here. So, guys, we're talking about the preference tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, can you tell me what all algorithm we have to perform the preference tuning?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So, we're talking about the preference tuning.
Sunny Savita: the very popular framework, which we are not using now, that is called the RLHF, okay? This framework, basically, it was provided by what? This framework, actually, it was provided by the OpenAI. Now, over here, they were using the reinforcement learning techniques, okay? RL technique.
Sunny Savita: which RL technique they were using. They were using the PPO technique.
Sunny Savita: Okay? PPO technique. Now, this PPO actually is one of the RL-based algorithms. Now, here, they were using the actor-critic kind of method, actor-critic kind of method.
Sunny Savita: It is a completely RL-based technique, RL-based algorithm, okay? So, if you know about the reinforcement learning, then you can understand about the PPO. If you don't know, then you can escape it, right? Means, you can leave it, because no one is going to be asked you this thing in a detail, okay?
Sunny Savita: It is the work of the researcher, right? This is the work of the researcher. The researcher, researcher mainly work on these kind of techniques, right? The different all-al algorithm and the different other kind of technique for training the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, as a developer, we just need to use the framework, we just need to use the library to perform the fine-tuning, okay? And we should be aware about the fundamental, right? How this thing is working, that's it.
Sunny Savita: For that, you no need to learn the entire reinforcement learning. The second technique, which is an updated version of the PPO, okay, that is called the GRPO. So this is, again, one of the very popular technique nowadays.
Sunny Savita: And this technique, basically, it was introduced by the DeepSeek.
Sunny Savita: It was introduced by whom? DeepSeek, okay? Now, again, this GRP, actually, it is an updated version of the PPO, and again, this is the reinforcement learning-based technique. Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: Now, we have two-mode technique, we have two-mode technique, which is a non-reinforcement-based technique, so let me write a name over here, okay? So, the first technique is called the DPO, Direct Preference Optimization. So, this DPO method, actually, it is a non-RL method.
Sunny Savita: I will show you the research paper of it. So here, we are not going to be using the reinforcement learning. And the fourth method is called the ORPO, okay? ORPO. Again, this is the advanced version of the DPO. Okay, again, it is a non-RL method, okay? So here, again, we are not going to be using the reinforcement learning for the
Sunny Savita: For the preference alignment. So, in our practical, guys, I'll show you two methods, and two methods I'll give you as a homework, right? Or in the assignment, you can implement that.
Sunny Savita: Programmatically, it would be same, okay? You just need to be user library. So first, today, in today's session, guys, I will show you the DPO, how you can perform the preference tuning using the DPO method, and after explaining the RLHF, I will show you one practical with the RLHF also, how you can utilize the RLHF, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, then again, next one is going to be GRPU. Again, this is available inside the hugging Face itself, okay? So, you can do that. I will guide you how you can do it, okay? I will give you as an assignment. And again, ORP is also available under the hugging phase, okay? So, even you can implement it using the, you can implement it using the hugging phase, okay? This ORPO technique, you can do that.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, if it is, getting clear to all of you, please let me know in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: The method are clear.
Sunny Savita: What are methods, basically, we have?
Sunny Savita: If it is going to be clear, please let me know in the chat, okay? Now, what is the meaning of the GRPO? GRPO means Group Relative Policy Optimization, okay? Group Relative Policy Optimization, this is the full form of the GRPO.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is our, full form of the ORPO? So, ORPO, basically, I think it is called… let me check out…
Sunny Savita: It is called a preference optimization.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I'll check that, and I'll let you know, okay? You're correct. Order ratio, preference optimization.
Sunny Savita: One other, another word was coming in my mind, right? So, this is called odd ratio preference optimization. Getting my point? Yes or no? Tell me. DPO means Direct Preference Optimization, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great. So, I think this entire thing I discussed in my previous classes also, you can go and check out over there. So, theoretical part, theoretical thing, we will be discussing in the next class, okay? First, I'll discuss with the LoRaQLORA, then I'll come to the explanation of the RLHF, and then some theoretical point of the DPU as well, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, what's… what we can do, guys, we can perform the practical. So, please open the notebook. I think I shared this notebook in the previous class itself. Let me do one thing, let me share the latest notebook, so that you can open along with me.
Sunny Savita: And, you can look into the code, okay? So, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Let me share the latest updated data in the code as well, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the file. This is the file.
Sunny Savita: Just give me a second, guys, okay? I'm providing you the latest updated code.
Sunny Savita: So that you can open this notebook inside the…
Sunny Savita: collab, okay? Simultaneously, you can check out the code.
Sunny Savita: your code is updated, now I can give it to you. So once you got it, guys, please let me know in the chat, okay?
Sunny Savita: So I'm adding all the files and all everything.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, I've given you the code over the GitHub, please check out from there.
Sunny Savita: And once you got it, please let me know inside the chat, okay?
Sunny Savita: Class 22, till here the folder is updated.
Sunny Savita: and see. You will get the latest code over here. So just clone it inside your system, and then open it inside the collab. I think you know how to open it inside the collab.
Sunny Savita: So what you can do, you can open the collab, first open the collab.
Sunny Savita: Okay? After that, what you will do, guys, tell me.
Sunny Savita: After that, basically, we'll click on this upload.
Sunny Savita: Now, browse the file from your local system.
Sunny Savita: Open the file, okay, click on the file, open the file, and the file directly will be open inside your collab itself.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Are you able to get it or not?
Sunny Savita: Okay. So do it, guys. I'm giving you one minute of time. Please do it, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so everyone is done. Please let me know if you got the code, and if you're able to open it inside the collab.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: GitHub link, I think I shared multiple times, I don't know why you are asking for this one.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, let me share it again. Wait.
Sunny Savita: Collab link also? Yes, I can give you the collab link. If you want this, I can share this one also directly.
Sunny Savita: Otherwise, upload it, no? That is a good approach, okay?
Sunny Savita: Actually, what happened? Sometimes my collab is going to be stuck, right? So, if the traffic is increasing here.
Sunny Savita: In the live class, so the collab is going to be struck.
Sunny Savita: That's why I'm, not sharing.
Sunny Savita: Resume, I haven't uploaded so far, I'll give you that. Una?
Sunny Savita: I'll share that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, once you are ready, let me know, I can start with the tuning.
Sunny Savita: Great, guys. So, we have performed the preference alignment, as you know. Sorry, this non-instruction tuning in the previous class. So, I'm going to be start from here itself, okay? So, I can give you the quick recap also. Quickly, we can execute this code, and then I'll come to the preference alignment.
Sunny Savita: So first, guys, I'll connect with my GPU, so it is very easy, just click on the runtime, change runtime type, click on the GPU, and you are done. If you have access of the Google Collab Pro, in that case, you can, connect with the high-end GPU.
Sunny Savita: So, high-end GPU, like H100, G4 GPU, A00 GPU. So, these GPUs are available, basically in your Google Collab Pro version.
Sunny Savita: Now, I will save it, and I'll connect it. So, here, right-hand side, you can see this green tick. Means your, system is connected. I'll check with Print All OK, okay? So, this is some theoretical, points I return.
Sunny Savita: you can read it out, you will get the good understanding of the entire pipeline. Now, first of all, guys, this, library will be required to me, whether you are doing, performance tuning or this one.
Sunny Savita: non-instruction tuning, in both cases, install this, all the library, okay? This is important.
Sunny Savita: Now, here is a simple description about all the configuration classes. So, while we'll be doing the project, at that time, again, we'll discuss about these classes. Data class, enum class, parente class, type dig class, abstract class. At that time, these classes would be coming, okay, for writing the configuration and for writing some validation classes.
Sunny Savita: Now, this particular, import statement for what, guys? This particular import statement for the…
Sunny Savita: For removing the warning. So if I'm getting any sort of a warning while I'm executing the library, importing the library, so I can ignore that, okay? So I don't want that warning, and I can use it. Now, after that, guys, this is the configuration, as you know, so let me import it. Here is my configuration of the non-instruction.
Sunny Savita: This entire thing I already discussed in the previous classes, okay? So I'm not going to be explaining you again. I'm quickly running the code so that I can get my model.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Even I have the model on the… even I have the model over the Hugging Face also. I have pushed the model over the Hugging Face as well, I can directly load it from there also, okay? But guys, I'm running this code so that you can get the quick recap of it.
Sunny Savita: So, let me show you the configuration. Okay, this is all the configuration, this is my output directory. So let me create the directory. So here, left-hand side, the directory will be created.
Sunny Savita: So here I will be keeping the process data, here I will be keeping the LoRa adapter, and this will be my final output, okay, of the final… of the fine-tuning, okay? Of this non-instruction tuning.
Sunny Savita: So, this additional code I have added, it is nothing, basically. I am just going to be, upload all the adapter and all everything over the Hugging Face Hub also.
Sunny Savita: How to do that, I think I've shown in my previous classes, okay? You can check out over there. So I have 3 repositories. The first is going to be… first is going to be for the non-instruction tuning. Okay, the second is going to be for the instruction tuning, and the third is going to be for the preference tuning, okay?
Sunny Savita: So all… for all the three stages, okay, I have created a separate, separate repository, and over there, I will be keeping my LoRa adapter, so that anytime you can load that adapter, and we can utilize that, okay? And I think I have shown you how to upload the LoRa adapter, or how to upload the data set.
Sunny Savita: or any other thing over the GitHub, or sorry, over the Hugging Face Hub.
Sunny Savita: It is similar to the GitHub only, but the process is going to be different. For that, you just need to be logged into the Hugging Face Hub, okay? And then you can push anything over there. I hope this is clear.
Sunny Savita: So, this is fine. Now I'm checking the PDF, it is saying PDF is not there, so what I'll do, I'll upload the PDF first. So I'm going to be uploading the non-instruction PDF right now.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So my non-instruction PDF would be over here.
Sunny Savita: So, let me execute this. After that, guys, what I'll do, I'll clean the data, okay? So, I will read the data, and after that, I'll clean the data. So, this entire thing I already discussed, and even I given you the quick revision also in my previous classes.
Sunny Savita: So, if you're new to this class, if you don't know, then you can check out the previous session, right? So, this would be done, and then I will be getting my data. So, after getting our data, guys, what I'll do, I will save it, and I'll convert into the Hugging Face format, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what will happen? Tell me. So, here, guys, I will split my data into the tenant validation, so that I can validate my model all together at every epoch. Now, here I'm going to be load the tokenizer, okay?
Sunny Savita: And after that, guys, what I'm doing, I'm mapping the entire data for the tokenization. And after that, guys, what I'll do, after that, basically, I will create a block of my data, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, the entire data, basically, I'm going to be converted to the 512 block. Either I can do using the inbuilt method, or I can do with my custom method. So both way I have shown, even I discussed in my previous class also, right? So don't tell, sir, you are going fast and all, because this thing already we have discussed in our previous classes, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, I will show you the preference tuning in today's session. That is the main aim of the main agenda of today's class.
Sunny Savita: So, let me execute it, and see, I will be getting my final dataset. Now, after that, guys, I can check the sample from my final dataset. So, see, this is all the metadata of it. Now, what I will do, guys, I will load the model, okay? So, this is the code for loading the model. So, I'm going to be load the LoRa model, okay?
Sunny Savita: Here, still, I'm getting warning. If you're getting it, then again, you can execute that filter warning. Just before this particular shell, you will not get the warnings, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, my model is getting loaded, and here, basically, I'm going to be attest the LoRa adapter, okay, along with the model. So, okay, this is the base model, basically. Here, basically, I'm going to be attest the LoRa adapter, okay, with my model, and that LoRa adapter, I'm going to be trained, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, let it load.
Sunny Savita: So, see, the model is going to be load, right?
Sunny Savita: So I will take, 30 minutes, guys, or 25 minutes is straightforward, and let me show you the entire fine-tuning, and then you can look from your end, okay? Then I'll explain you this entire code. First of all, let me execute it.
Sunny Savita: Anand Singhji… I told you, no?
Sunny Savita: I'll explain this load adapter in the upcoming, session, theory and all everything.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Please understand. Anand Singhji?
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, model is getting loaded, it might take first time, then.
Sunny Savita: In the next, in the next iteration, right, if you are going to be load the model, it will not take this much of time.
Sunny Savita: This collab file is already available in the GitHub Mohan. You can download it from there, and you can upload it over the Google Colab, okay? Please do it.
Sunny Savita: Great. So my model is loaded. Now, after that, guys, what I'll do, I will…
Sunny Savita: basically, a Tesla loader adapter, okay? So, this is the configuration of the LoRa. After that, guys, what we are going to do, we are going to be load the model, okay, along with the loader adapter. Now, once I'll check with the loader adapter, so see, this many parameters I need to be trained.
Sunny Savita: So, model is having almost 100 croode parameter, but I just need to train the… I just need to train 1% of their parameter, that is 1 code, okay? That's it.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'm doing, I'm going to be using the data collector for what, for the padding and the other kind of processing, okay? So in backend, automatically, it will take care of it. So, this is the entire explanation of it. Already, I have explained this entire thing in the previous classes, so you can look into those classes. Rakesh, please check out with the previous session. Again, I'm not going to repeat this part.
Sunny Savita: I will mainly focus over the preference tuning, okay? I will show you that code now.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, what will happen? See? After that, guys, what I'll do, I will, initialize my training argument. So, this is all the training argument, guys, related to the output directory, related to the epoch step, related to the optimizer, related to the logging, okay? So, all the parameters you will find out over here. So, let me initialize all the parameter.
Sunny Savita: Let me create this training argument object.
Sunny Savita: Right? After that, guys, what I'll do, I will initialize my trainer. So, to this trainer, I will be providing the model, training argument, my training dataset, my validation dataset, and my data collector.
Sunny Savita: So once I'll run it, guys, my trainer object is ready. After that, guys, what I'll do, I will train my model. So once I'll click over here, once I will call this particular function trainer.train, my training would be started, okay? So I hope, guys, we already understood about all this step in the previous class.
Sunny Savita: I hope to everyone this entire thing was clear.
Sunny Savita: So, see, my model have been trained. The data was very less, and the model was also quite small, so my model got quickly trained. But if you have a used data and the used model, little used model, right? Then, in that case, also, it might take time.
Sunny Savita: You can check out the log history, you can simply call the strainer.estate.logistory, so you can check out the log history, so you can check out the detail of each and every epoch, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, we are going to be save the model. So, we have saved the model where. So, we have this… we have saved the model over here, okay? So, see, inside this particular adapter folder, you will be getting your adapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and your tokenizer, both things you will be getting. So, your adapter is available over here, with the save tensor file, and the tokenizer is also there. Now, what I'll do, guys, so here you can check out what all files are available inside this particular folder, okay? So, you will get the detail of every file.
Sunny Savita: Now, I can push this model over the Hugging Face also, so once I learn it, guys, I will be able to push my model over the Hugging Face repository. So the same tenner, basically, permanently, I can keep it over the Hugging Face Hub, and anyone can utilize that particular model, okay? I can make it open source for the entire community.
Sunny Savita: So, whatever model you are seeing over the Hugging Face Hub, right? So, around, you will be seeing 5 lakh of… a 2 lakh model, right? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5?
Sunny Savita: Okay, 29 like models, right? 2 like…
Sunny Savita: 29, like, 60,000 model, 67,000 model. So this, all the model, basically, it is, pushed by the community. So here, you… you… you can also push your model, and even community can utilize that model.
Sunny Savita: Right? Even community can utilize that particular model. You can do it, and you can share that with the entire community. Got it? Now, see, guys, you are able to push your model. Now, inside which directory you will get the model. So, here.
Sunny Savita: you can see, inside this particular directory, basically, you will be getting the model, okay? Inside this particular repository. So, what is the repository name? Sunny199, this is my username. PharmaTinylama, non-instruction, LoRa adapter. So, once you will go with your profile.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And now, here, you will find out here all the repository. So, this is the repository, guys, and over here, you will find out your model. Now, where all the files are available? So, here, all the files are available. Files and version. Now, see, all the files are available. So, whatever file, basically, you have saved inside a local folder, see, this is the local folder.
Sunny Savita: So, all the files, basically, are available over the hugging Face also. So directly, you can load the file from here as well, okay? Directly, you can load your model from here as well, this LoRa adapter, and you can utilize it anytime. Getting my point? Yes or no, guys? This entire thing is being clear to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, no, you don't require a paid version. Even with a free version also, you can push your model over the Hugging Face Hub. Now, tell me, guys, if this entire thing is being clear to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Then I think we are good to go. Ashwini's asking this step, please. Ashwini, already I discussed this multiple times, right? From past 3 classes, I'm discussing this entire thing. Even I shared the solution and all everything, right? And I remember you have joined all the 3 sessions.
Sunny Savita: Because you are asking, right?
Sunny Savita: I'm getting my point? If it is showing the error, just show me in the doubt session. I'll look over there, what is the error?
Sunny Savita: It is related to the token or something else. Getting my point, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, what we can do, so we can clear the memory, and then we can load the tokenizer for the inferencing purpose. So now, what we are doing, guys, we are going to be perform the inferencing. Now, we are loading the base model along with the load adapter. Now, tell me, guys, over here, at this particular stage, are we going to…
Sunny Savita: append the LoRa adapter? Are we going to be merge the LoRa adapter with the base model at this particular stage? No, we are not going to do that. So here, we are just going to be append it.
Sunny Savita: Okay? In the runtime, basically, the LoRa adapter is going to be append. If I'm going to be… if I have to merge it, permanently, so what I will have to do? I'll show you that. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So here, what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be append the LoRa adapter, okay, in the runtime memory. I'm not going to be append… I'm not going to be merge that LoRa adapter permanently, okay? I'm not doing that over here.
Sunny Savita: So, where I'll do that, I'll show you. So here, guys, I'm going to be append the load adapter C, base model plus loadAdapter loaded successfully. Then, guys, I'm going to be, initialize this method, generate completion. I will be providing the prompt.
Sunny Savita: And how many tokens we wanted to generate. So it's a free, experiment, right? I don't have any paid model, or… sorry, I don't have any, basically, big model, or the big infrastructure so that I can generate the huge number of token. I'm just limiting the generation token, okay?
Sunny Savita: So what I'm doing is, I'm going to initialize this, and then I'm passing a prompt, and then…
Sunny Savita: Here, basically, prompt, based on the prompt, I will be getting my output, right? So this is what, guys, this is the non-instruction tuning.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I'll do, I will create one more directory, pharmaTinyLama Merge Model. So, inside this particular directory, I will keep my permanent model. So, here is my base model. Okay, here is my, basically model with adapter, this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'm doing, guys, see? Here, basically, I'm going to be merge it permanently. So, earlier, basically, we had just appended the LoRa adapter
Sunny Savita: We have just appended the LoRa adapter, okay, in the runtime, so that we can perform the inferencing. But permanently, if you wanted to merge it, in that case, you will have to call this particular method, merge and Unload, right? So once you will call this merge and unload method, in that case, your model is going to be merged permanently.
Sunny Savita: And then you are going to be save this particular model where inside the… inside the…
Sunny Savita: inside this particular folder. Now, tell me, guys, is this entire thing is being clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes. Data set, and the classes, configuration and all. The entire step, most of the step is going to be same.
Sunny Savita: So, tell me, guys, are you able to revise all this step, which we have learned in the previous class? Now, what was the next step? Tell me, what was the next step? The next step was the instruction fine-tuning, okay? Now, why, why we are performing this instruction fine-tuning? Can you, can you answer in the one, can you answer in the one line? Why we are doing that?
Sunny Savita: Now we have two things, right? Let me explain you over the blackboard.
Sunny Savita: The first one is going to be what… so, let's say we have a base model.
Sunny Savita: What we have, guys, tell me, we have a Base… model.
Sunny Savita: The second is what? Second is the… LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, We have two methods, two ways. The first, basically, what we can do.
Sunny Savita: First, we can append it temporarily.
Sunny Savita: append it temporarily, right? So what we can do, we can append the base model, Plus… LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay, lower adapter.
Sunny Savita: We can append that, okay, and we can load it in the runtime memory. If I'm saying runtime memory, what does it mean, guys?
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me what is the meaning of the runtime memory? So, here I'm talking about the RAM.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So I can load this model inside the VRAM.
Sunny Savita: Now, this is not going to be permanent… this is not going to be a permanent merger, okay? So, it is a ad hoc merger, just for the inferencing.
Sunny Savita: It is an ad hoc module just for the inference sake, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, the second also for the inferencing, but the second, basically.
Sunny Savita: It is a permanent mod… it's a permanent merger, right? So, instead of the append, I can write the merge.
Sunny Savita: So here, what is happening, guys?
Sunny Savita: Here, what is happening? We have a base model.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So this base model, completely going to be merged, so this lower adapter, basically, completely going to be merged inside the base model. The older weight of the base model is going to be replaced with this lower adapter, okay? And this is going to be a permanent one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, permanent one. So, you can do this as well, means you can simply save the LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: You can simply save the LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: What you can do, guys, you can simply save the load adapter, you can load the base model, okay, you can append that, and you can perform the inferencing.
Sunny Savita: But guys, if you have a memory, you don't have a memory restriction, you can save the bigger model as well, right? So what you can do, you can permanently merge this LoRa adapter inside the base model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you can make it one only, you can make it as a single model, okay, the permanent model, and you can utilize this as well. So, if you don't want to take a haddeck to save the entire model, if you just want to, like, save the LoRa adapter, you can save that.
Sunny Savita: load the base model, append the lower adapter, and perform the inferencing in the runtime. That's it. As simple as that. But guys, if you want the permanent merger, yes, this Hugging Face is providing you that also.
Sunny Savita: In that case, what you can do, you can permanently merge the base model with the LoRa adapter, so it will become your single entity, you can save that, and then you can load that also.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? The result will be same. In both cases, the result would be same. It is just a different, different way of loading the model.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Right? Inferencing means what? Inferencing means? It is not an instruction. It is an inferencing means prediction. Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: I hope this thing is getting clear.
Sunny Savita: So, is the idea clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no. How's the learning so far? I think it is good. So, see, my permanent model is saved over here, if you will look into the base model. Now, tell me, guys, I have two repositories. Okay, so can anyone answer, like, in which repository I have a load adapter, and which repository I have a permanent merge model?
Sunny Savita: Can you tell me, please?
Sunny Savita: In which model I have a permanent load adapter, in which model I have a permanent… sorry, in which model I have a load adapter, and in which folder I have a merge model. Can you please tell me in the chat?
Sunny Savita: So inside this particular folder, inside this particular folder, I have a merge model, and inside this particular folder, I have a LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Inside this particular folder, we have a LoRa adapter. Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: So, let me do one thing, guys. Let me load the instruction data. So, here is my instruction data, guys. Let me load that. I think this also I have discussed in the previous class. Now, can anyone tell me why it is giving me this error?
Sunny Savita: Why it is giving me this error, just a second. This one.
Sunny Savita: unable to find dataset, because I need to upload the dataset, okay? Until I'm not going to upload the dataset, I will not be able to find you. So, I can take the dataset from the instruction.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And then what I can do, I can upload it. So guys, here, basically.
Sunny Savita: I'm going to reload the data now, I think it will not give me the…
Sunny Savita: error, okay? So, see, I'm able to load the data, and here is my data, and the data is available in the JSON format. So, can you load the data in a CSV format also?
Sunny Savita: Can you load the data from… in the CSV format also? Yes, you can load the data in the CSV format also. So let me execute it, guys. Here is the instruction data set.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you can check out the data, you can execute this line of code. Now, here we are formatting the data, and after formatting the data, we are going to create a single column that's going to be… that's going to be my text column, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, why we are doing that? Everything I have explained in the previous class.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, basically, I have the data where I have, instruction, input, output column, and then the final text column, which is a merger of all the columns, okay? Instruction, input, and output. Because model is learning the next token prediction. So, input, instruction, input, output also, we'll be providing as a single text only, okay?
Sunny Savita: Their model will learn the next token prediction.
Sunny Savita: and automatically it will get the output generation, okay, based on the given input. Because the data is curated in that particular way, right? So here is my one of the row, you can check out over here. I hope it is clear. Now, here we are going to be divide our data into the train and test. This step is going to be same.
Sunny Savita: Then we are going to be initialize our tokenizer. I think this step is going to be same, okay? Then here is what, guys, here, basically, we are going to be format our data, okay? So this is the, inbuilt method.
Sunny Savita: inbuilt, method, okay, of formatting the data into the 1512 block. You can keep any sort of a line. And in the previous code, basically, I shown you the custom method, okay? So in both ways, basically, I formatted this data.
Sunny Savita: Before giving to the model. Now, after that, guys, what I'll do, now tell me, guys, which… Okay, so first, let me map the data, the entire data. So this is done. Now, guys, tell me what I'm doing over here.
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me what I'm doing over here? So, from where I'm going to load the model? Can anyone tell me from where I'm going to load the model? Tell me?
Sunny Savita: So, I'm going to load the model from my Tiny Llama merger model, okay? From here only, I'm going to load my model. Now, tell me, is it a LoRa adapter, or it is a full-fledged model only?
Sunny Savita: Is it a load adapter, or is it a full-fledged model only? It's a full-fledged model only, after merging. So, yeah, let me execute it, all this thing I already discussed in the previous class, right? So, after that, guys, what I'll do… let me…
Sunny Savita: if CUDA, right, means we are using a GPU, then I'm loading a model from here. This is the configuration for the quantization. Okay, and then I will be getting… what I'll be getting, guys, I'll be getting my base model, okay, instruction base model from this particular directory.
Sunny Savita: And on top of it, what I'll be doing, I'm going to be append the LoRa adapter again, okay, and then I will be getting my final instruction instruct model with the LoRa adapter. So let me keep this particular step in the next cell.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Let me execute it. So, this is fine.
Sunny Savita: Now I'm going to be append the LoRa adapter over here.
Sunny Savita: So, just a second, let me add the load adapter. So, one more load adapter is going to be added over here now. Got it?
Sunny Savita: So, lower editor is done, now this much of… this much is the trainable parameter. Now, I'm going to binislize the data collector for the backend formatting, okay? So, I will provide it to the training argument. So if any sort of a formatting batching is required, it will take care of it, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, I will be up, I will be save… I will be save my loader, I will be save my instruction output over here.
Sunny Savita: So, this is our directory, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I'll be doing… so, this is the code. So, here is my training argument, okay? I'm going to be initializing my training argument, as you can see. Then, I'm going to be initializing my trainer, where I'm passing the instruction model, training argument, train dataset, validation set, and the data collater, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, yes, trainer is ready. Now, once I'll call in the train, so my model will be trained, right? So, my model is going to be trained. Okay, the LoRa adapter is going to be trained. Okay, so here I can check the completeness of the model, right? So, this is completed.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, guys, I'm going to be save my LoRa adapter, right, and my tokenizer. So inside this particular directly, I'll be getting my Instruct LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: So once I'll be executed, guys, so inside this particular directory, what I'll be getting, I'll be getting my LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so training is running. After completing it, my LoRa adapter will be saved over here.
Sunny Savita: So, tinylama Instruct LoRa adapter. So, pharma tinylama Instruct load adapter, okay? So, I'll be getting my LoRa adapter over here, inside this particular directory. Once you will refresh it, you will get… so, see, it is over here. Now, for the inferencing, I'm going to load it
Sunny Savita: Okay, so first I'm going to be push it to the hugging phase, so that I can directly load from there, okay, when it is required.
Sunny Savita: Then what I'm doing, guys, so here, for the inferencing, I'm going to load it. Now, tell me what kind of loading we are doing. It is full merger, or it is just an append in the runtime for the inferencing. What we are doing, guys, tell me.
Sunny Savita: What we are doing over here.
Sunny Savita: Tell me. So, here we are just going to be append a LoRa adapter, okay, in the runtime. So, here is my base model, okay?
Sunny Savita: From where we are going to be load the base model, from the same place, okay? So, here, basically, we are going to be append the model, and then, I will be doing the…
Sunny Savita: what I'll be doing over here, I'll be doing the prediction, okay? So this is my prompt, which I'm passing. I'm just testing the model, whether it is working fine or not. So this prompt is going to the generation instruction response, it is taking question, and based on that, it is generating a response, right? So see? The model responses are there.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now after that, guys, what I'll be doing, I'm saving the merge model inside this particular directory. So let me initialize the directory, and once I'll execute this particular code, so what will be happening, guys? Tell me. So over here, you can see base model is being loaded.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: And on top of it, basically, what I'm doing, on top of it, basically, we are going to be append the LoRa, this instruction adapter, okay? So this is going to be my merged model. So let me execute it, and what I'll be getting, guys, I'll be getting my merged model over here, the final model. So is it getting clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I think one thing is there. Actually, this will not be from the config model, I think it will be from the, this merge model, okay? So this directory… yeah, this directory, I need to change, just a second. I will change this directory, just a second.
Sunny Savita: So, I need to append this loader adapter to this particular model, this one.
Sunny Savita: which we have merged already now. On top of that only, I have to merge this particular changes, this LoRa adapter changes, okay? Great.
Sunny Savita: So I'm getting it… I think it is clear.
Sunny Savita: So tell me, guys, still here, everything is fine, everything is clear to all of you. And now the third stage is going to be what? Preference tuning, okay? So now what we will be doing, we are going to be perform the preference tuning.
Sunny Savita: Here, also, the steps is going to be same, the dataset is going to be changed, and the argument is going to be changed, right?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, one changes I have to do… wait a second, let me do the changes.
Sunny Savita: -hmm.
Sunny Savita: Actually, I need to use this particular model, this one.
Sunny Savita: So, let me change it.
Sunny Savita: Let me change this everywhere, okay? So, just await.
Sunny Savita: So, actually, I'm going to be use the model from here itself, from merge model directory. Okay, because this is the model from the previous stage, no?
Sunny Savita: So, at the inferencing.
Sunny Savita: Yes, I will go slow from the preference tuning, okay? Don't worry.
Sunny Savita: But all the steps and all everything is going to be same, alright? So, no need to worry.
Sunny Savita: If you're going to be read from your end also, no? This thing is going to be clear.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so config.model name. So here, this particular model will be coming. This is the base model, previous base model. So let me load it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, on top of it only, we are going to be perform what? Inferencing, right?
Sunny Savita: So, this is the one thing. Now, the second thing, basically, whenever we are going to be merge it.
Sunny Savita: So at the time of the merging also, this model would be there.
Sunny Savita: Right? Merge model directory. This model would be there.
Sunny Savita: And on top of it only, we are going to be append the latest LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Now, let me explain to you about this LoRa adapter and all, everything. Like, what is happening, actually. So, what I can do, I can…
Sunny Savita: I explain it over here.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, here, basically, we were having the Stage 1.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, the stage one, we were having the… base model.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Now, along with the base model, what we have done, we have trained the Laura?
Sunny Savita: Adapter.
Sunny Savita: 1.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, this is from where? This is from the non-instruction.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, what we have done, in the Stage 2, In the Stage 2,
Sunny Savita: We have merged this model, this two things, okay?
Sunny Savita: March.
Sunny Savita: Now, this particular merger, we are going to be using it as a base model.
Sunny Savita: Right? And then, we are having… Laura.
Sunny Savita: Adapter.
Sunny Savita: 2?
Sunny Savita: Now, this is LoRa adapter 2, basically.
Sunny Savita: this LoRa adapter, too, basically, it is trained.
Sunny Savita: Honda.
Sunny Savita: instruction data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? It is trained on… where it is trained on the instruction data.
Sunny Savita: Then what we have done, guys, we have merged this 2 model, this adapter and the base model, Okay.
Sunny Savita: merger 1, this was a merger 1, this was a merger 2. Now, this particular merger, we are going to be using it as a base model.
Sunny Savita: Right? So over here, If the stage 3.
Sunny Savita: What we are doing, guys, so here is what? Here is my base model.
Sunny Savita: This merge model we are using as a base model.
Sunny Savita: Then we have Laura.
Sunny Savita: Adapter.
Sunny Savita: 3.
Sunny Savita: Now, this particular loader adapter.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be used via? We are going to be used over the… preference data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, over here, guys, you can see, this particular adapter, basically, we have trained.
Sunny Savita: On top of the non-instruction data.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So this particular loader, or lower adapter, basically we have trained.
Sunny Savita: order.
Sunny Savita: non-instruction.
Sunny Savita: Debit.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, here you can see, after that, whatever model we are going to be merged, Right?
Sunny Savita: So this is going to be what? This is going to be my… Final.
Sunny Savita: model.
Sunny Savita: This is going to be what, guys? This is going to be what? This is going to be my final model.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? So this is one way which we are taking, actually, in our entire
Sunny Savita: training process, right? But the another way is also there. So what is another way, guys? So the another way, basically, what we have… so with respect to every stage.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: is stage 1.
Sunny Savita: is stage 2.
Sunny Savita: is stage 3.
Sunny Savita: With respect to every stage, we can train their LoRa adapter. So let's say…
Sunny Savita: We have a stage one. From there, we have a Loada adapter.
Sunny Savita: From the Stage 2 also, we have a LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And from the stage 3 also, we have a Laura
Sunny Savita: Right? So guys, what we can do, we can take a base model.
Sunny Savita: What we can do, we can take a base model.
Sunny Savita: And we can load the load adapter, okay? Along with that, we can load any LoRa adapter. So, LoRa adapter 1, LoRa adapter 2, LoRa adapter 3. Now, guys, can you tell me, can we load this LoRa adapter in the runtime?
Sunny Savita: inside the VRAM, we can load this load adapter in the runtime.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Okay, and then what we can do, we can do the inferencing.
Sunny Savita: So this is one more way without the merging, actually, right? So, here I've shown you the merge way, right? How to merge the model. So we had the base model loader, merge the model, okay? Base model loader, merge the model. Base model loader, merge the model, okay? This is the one way, right? And then we are getting a final model. So we are taking this approach, right? But we can take this approach also.
Sunny Savita: Our code is flexible. I've shown you both kind of code, right? So we can take this approach also. So, with respect to stage 1, load adapter is there.
Sunny Savita: Stage 2 Loa adapters there, Stage 3 Loa adapters there, okay? With base model, with base model, we can load any LoRa adapter in the runtime, and we can do our inferencing. Would you like to see that particular code?
Sunny Savita: I have kept that code also inside your notebook, right? So, guys, once you will go and check… just a second…
Sunny Savita: So, once you will go and check inside a notebook itself… So, I commented one code, right? So, just look over here.
Sunny Savita: I commented one code.
Sunny Savita: You can utilize that particular code. See, this is the code, guys. Can you see, guys, this particular code, this particular code, this one. So, I commented one code, and here, basically, I clearly told you that you can utilize this particular approach also.
Sunny Savita: You can load the base model, you can train the new load adapter, and that, load adapter, you can basically utilize it anywhere, right? So, yeah, both code is there. I hope you are getting my point. Tell me, guys, is it getting clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, yes, everything is going to be clear, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Great. So, guys, you can see over here what I got. I got the permanent merged model, right? So, just a second.
Sunny Savita: After this particular training, Inferencing is done, let me check. Oh, this is done.
Sunny Savita: Guys, can I execute the code, and then after the break, I can explain you that particular code? Okay, in a single go, basically, we'll be getting all the models. Otherwise, this runtime will be disconnected na, and we will be lost… we will lost everything, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So let me execute the entire code, then I'll explain you, okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: So, this is done. Inferencing is also done, this is fine, this is fine, and finally…
Sunny Savita: We are able to push our model also.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, over here, we are able to push our merge model. So, where the merge model is available, the merge model is available over here. Pharma, tinylama Instructs, merge model.
Sunny Savita: Pharma Tiny Llama Instruct Merge Model, okay? Inside this particular report, inside this particular folder, we have the merge model, the final model. Now, what I'll do, guys, so over here, let me do one thing. See, this is all the description about the DPO. Whatever I have explained over the blackboard, you will get it over here, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'll do, guys, see…
Sunny Savita: This is all the, like, detail about the DPU, actually. So, DPU I will discuss. In the next class, I'll discuss the theoretical point related to the DPO. You will get that, right? So, whatever thing is required to understand about the DPO, like, I'll explain all those points. Even I kept inside the notebook also, you can go through with it.
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, for this TPO, basically, we require this TRL library. Which library is required? Tell me, guys, which library is required for the TPO?
Sunny Savita: we require this TRL library, okay? Now, what's the full form of the TRL? Can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: The full form of the TRL library is the… Tell me?
Sunny Savita: I think in the previous classes, although I discussed that.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Reinforcement learning, right? Training, reinforcement learning, or transformer reinforcement learning, okay? So, here, guys, I'm going to be installing this particular library, TRL library.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I'll do, I'll be uploading the data. Now, which data is required?
Sunny Savita: So, over here, we required the…
Sunny Savita: Guys, let me execute that, and I'll give you the break after that, okay? Don't worry, right? So, here, guys, we'll be required the DPO data, okay? This instruction data. So, I'm going to be upload this data, just a second. Let me upload this particular data.
Sunny Savita: So, here is the data, JSNL data, okay? So, this is the data, this one, pharma preference data set. So, pharma preference data set. Okay, so let me remove this particular name. So, guys, I'll be loading your data. See, over here the data is available.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys, right?
Sunny Savita: This is my data. Now, what I'll do, guys, after that, I'm going to be…
Sunny Savita: convert the data into the Hugging Face format.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, load data set, preference data path, load addition.
Sunny Savita: Json? Okay, guys, I think this is same, this is the same line of code, let me comment this code. So, over here… oh, let me delete this code, right? So, over here, guys, what we have, we have a, preference data set, okay? So, we are able to load the preference data set in a hugging Face format from this JSNL file.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I'll do, I will divide this data into the trade and tests. I think already we have discussed this thing multiple times in our previous classes also, right? So, 40 rows for the training and 8 rows for the validation, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I'll do… so, see, this… using this method only, I'm going to be divide that, train, test, split, using this particular method. Now, after that, guys, what I'll do… so, over here, merge instruct model. So, inside this particular directory, my model is available.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, what I'll do, guys, I will load this model, this merge instruct model, as a base model. Okay, so see, I'm providing it over here. This is my… all the quantization detail. Okay, and I'm loading the model, and see, I will be getting the final quantized model. Now, if you will look into this particular explanation, see, I'm doing the same one. So, base model.
Sunny Savita: lower adapter, this is going to be my merge model. Okay, and then this is going to be my… my base model now. Okay, so I'm going to be load the base model over here. This one, preference-based model, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, let me load it, guys. On top of it, I will be appending the LoRa adapter, okay, which I wanted to train. So, on top of that merge model, I'm going to be append the LoRa adapter. Now, this load adapter is going to be trained on the preference data set. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, see, this is going to be load. After that, guys, what I'll be doing, I'm going to be define… I'm going to be basically create this two directory, where I will… where I will save the DPO LoRa adapter, okay, after the training. So, DPU output will be there, and the DPU LoRa adapter means separately, also, I'm going to be keep it inside this particular directory, okay?
Sunny Savita: So here's… I'm going to create two more directories, so it will be over here, inside this particular workspace.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So once I… you will refresh it, you will be getting that.
Sunny Savita: So, let it execute it. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so yeah, two more directories over here. Now, after that, guys, what we'll do? So, this is the simplest code. I'm going to be initialized the DPU configuration. Okay, earlier we were having the training argument, now we are having a DPU configuration. This is all the parameter. So, after the break, guys, I will be explaining all this parameter, okay? So, let me execute it.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, I'm going to be initialized the DPU trainer. It is an inbuilt method from the hacking phase. I'm passing a preference model, a reference model. Now, what is this reference model? So, that you will get in the next class, once I will discuss the reinforcement learning. Again, we'll come to this particular solution, or, again, sorry, I will explain you about the reference model, okay? What is this?
Sunny Savita: Over here, we don't require the external reference model, okay? None means TRL will internally use the reference behavior, right? So we don't require any, additional reference model. In our RLHF, actually, we require the reference to the reward model, but over here, it is not required. Okay, so automatically using one function that, DPU will take care of that, okay? In the theoretical points, I will be discussing that. The DPU training argument, training part, validation.
Sunny Savita: And the tokenization, right? So my TPO is ready. Now, after that, guys, what I'll do, I'll call the tpu.trainer. So, once I'll do it, guys, so see, my training will be started. So, over here, the preference tuning will be performed, right? So, see, my training has started. You will find out the complete details, training laws, validation laws.
Sunny Savita: And the other different parameter also.
Sunny Savita: Okay, over here, you can see. I capped all the description over here related to this parameter, so what is the meaning of it? After the break, basically, I can explain you, right?
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, what I'm doing, so I have a same step, I'm going to be save the DPU trainer, okay, DPU model, and then I'm pushing it over the… this lower adapter, I'm pushing it where? Over the hugging face, basically, right? And then, basically, I'm going to be perform the, what I'm going to be perform over here, I'm going to be perform the…
Sunny Savita: basically, inferencing, right? So I'm going to be load the model for the inferencing. Here, I'm preparing the dataset for the inferencing, okay? And then I'm generating the
Sunny Savita: the result from the given prompt, see, this is a given prompt, and finally, I can test my model.
Sunny Savita: And after that, guys, what I can do, I can save the final model. So once I'll execute this particular code, I will be able to save the model, okay? So after the break, guys, I can give you the quick, understanding of it, what we are doing inside this entire code, okay? So till here, we are doing an inferencing.
Sunny Savita: Right? After that, guys, see, we are going to be clean the memory. Inside this particular, folder, we are going to be save our final model, right? And then, once I'll execute it, guys, so on top of the instruct model.
Sunny Savita: sorry, on top of this base model, right, my lower adapter, preference lower adapter, is going to be append, and I will be getting the final model, okay? So, inside this particular directory, inside this particular directory, I will be getting my final model.
Sunny Savita: I hope this entire training is clear. This training is similar to the previous code only. I just need to explain you one more time, so after the break, basically, I can do that. Now, tell me, guys, how much you got it till here. Are you getting the entire process, like, how we are doing that, how we are going to perform that? Tell me fast.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: If it is going to be clear, guys, please let me know.
Sunny Savita: So that after the break, guys, I will give you the complete revision of it, okay? Of the preference alignment. Training part, it's going to be same, okay? Training is not going to be changed, it's going to be same. So, did you understand now how to perform the non-instruction tuning, instruction tuning, and even the preference tuning? If it is going to be clear, please let me know, okay?
Sunny Savita: How we can remember? No need to remember this entire code, you just need to remember the process.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, sorry, going to… Ari Sarje, I'm telling now, Anand Singhi. Anand Singhi, do you understand some different language? I'm telling you now, after the break, we have the entire one hour. I will explain you again, Sargi.
Sunny Savita: Am I speaking in Chinese or Japanese?
Sunny Savita: I'm talking in the simple English. I'm saying, after the break, well, understand that again. Why I have executed this code. So, see, if I'm giving you the break now, so within this 20 minutes, this entire, like, the runtime is going to be disconnected. So, I might lose this folder.
Sunny Savita: Now, you have seen the entire process, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: You have seen now, correct? So, I will explain it, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: step by step, one by one, we'll do the revision, and entire thing is going to be clear. Got it, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So, can we go for the break now? Until you can check out the code from your end as well, right? So, putting a timer for the 20 minute, guys, and after that, guys, again, will understand. So, is it fine to everyone? Tell me yes or no? Can we go for the break?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, updated code is already there, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, putting a timer, then we'll start again. Thank you, guys. Don't leave the session, it's going to be very important. Next 20 minute… sorry, next 1 hour, we are going to be understanding this entire thing, okay? Good.
Sunny Savita: The trial was missing… File is there, no? Right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, a bit slowly, I will go, Rakesh, okay? Slowly, slowly, wherein 0.5x, I will be doing that, Rakesh. Don't worry, after the break, we'll understand that again, okay?
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, can we start again? If everyone is there, please let me know, so that we can proceed.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's begin, let's start.
Sunny Savita: Just give me a moment, guys, wait, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: Now, first of all, tell me, did you understand this particular concept?
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: Or is still you have some confusion over here?
Sunny Savita: I think this one, the first one is clear, the second one, what about this one?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, let me do one thing, let me again, explain you that this one, because this concept is very important, okay? If you are able to understand now, then only you can, you can be…
Sunny Savita: Basically train a good model.
Sunny Savita: So I hope this one is clear.
Sunny Savita: The first one is pretty much killer.
Sunny Savita: Let me refine this second one a little more, so that your understanding would be very much clear.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: So, what is our approach, guys? The approach, basically, is very simple.
Sunny Savita: So, first, we have our instruction, fine-tuning. First, we are doing a non-instruction fine-tuning, and regarding that, we are going to create a LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Then we are merging that model.
Sunny Savita: Then, this merged model we are using as a base model, okay? Then again, we are going to be creating a load adapter, this is on top of the instruction data, then we are merging.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And this merged model, basically, we are using as a base model, this one. And then, again, we are going to pick train one load adapter, this is on the preference data. Then we are merging it, and then this is our final model. So, guys.
Sunny Savita: If you want one final single model, Right?
Sunny Savita: If you want, If you want.
Sunny Savita: 1.
Sunny Savita: Single.
Sunny Savita: Final.
Sunny Savita: model.
Sunny Savita: Then, you need to take this approach.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Then?
Sunny Savita: take… this approach.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Yes or no? So, if you want one single final model with the entire solid knowledge, right, so you can take this particular approach, right? This is the industry-grade approach, right? With all the… from all the three stages.
Sunny Savita: So, we are looking, we are looking into the chat GPT application. So, behind that, whatever model is working, so we are supposing that model have been trained with this particular,
Sunny Savita: with this particular, stages, right? With all these, stages. The model basically have been gone, the model basically gone through from all these stages. Stage 1, stage 2, and there's stage 3.
Sunny Savita: The second approach, basically, what you can do, let me explain you that also.
Sunny Savita: This is also very interesting, and even you can tick this as well.
Sunny Savita: Second.
Sunny Savita: approach.
Sunny Savita: So, in the second approach, basically, what you can do, you have a base model.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: On top of it, you have train one.
Sunny Savita: Laura?
Sunny Savita: Adopter.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: This loader adapter, basically, it's coming from where? From the… From where, guys?
Sunny Savita: From the non-instruction tuning.
Sunny Savita: From the non-instruction.
Sunny Savita: tuning.
Sunny Savita: Then, in the stage to what we are doing.
Sunny Savita: You are taking a base model.
Sunny Savita: Let me take the base model.
Sunny Savita: And on top of it also, you are trading.
Sunny Savita: Duh.
Sunny Savita: LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: LoRa Adapter 2, right?
Sunny Savita: So, this load adapter, basically, it is coming from where?
Sunny Savita: This load adapter, actually, it is coming from the… instruction.
Sunny Savita: tuning. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Then, what do you have, guys? You have a base model again.
Sunny Savita: And then, on top of it also, you are training a LoRa adapter. Now, this LoRa adapter basically is what?
Sunny Savita: It is… Number 3.
Sunny Savita: And this adapter you are training.
Sunny Savita: With the… for the preference tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, whenever doing inferences, right, so just tell me, guys, if you are doing inferencing over here, at this particular stage, right? If you are doing inferencing at this particular stage.
Sunny Savita: Can you… can we do with the final model?
Sunny Savita: We can do the inferencing using this final model.
Sunny Savita: So, whatever final model we are having, right, with that, actually, we are do… we can do the inferencing. Either we can ask,
Sunny Savita: We can ask any question, right? Okay, so we can ask any question, so it will give the normal conversational-based answer, and even that conversational answer, basically, it's going to be a human aligned, okay? Preference align. Getting my point. The second approach, basically, what you have.
Sunny Savita: Using the base model, you have trained the 3 LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: The first adapter, second adapter, and the third adapter. Now, whenever you are doing your inferencing, guys.
Sunny Savita: What you are doing, guys, tell me. Now, whatever you are doing in fencing, Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, whenever you are doing inferencing, so according to the task.
Sunny Savita: According to what, guys? According to TAS, basically, you can load the specific, specialized LoRa adapter. So, let's say you have a base model.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: You have a base model. Now.
Sunny Savita: for the first task, for the second task, and for the third task, right? Let's say your task is what? Let's say your task, basically.
Sunny Savita: Just a non-instruction one, right? You just need to generate something, okay? In that case, you can load the LoRa adapter one.
Sunny Savita: Laura?
Sunny Savita: Adapter 1. Let's say your task is what? Your task is the conversational one, right?
Sunny Savita: So, you can load the LoRa adapter too.
Sunny Savita: Now, your task, basically, along with the conversation.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you need to be aligned with the human preferences, right?
Sunny Savita: preference one. In that case, you can load the LoRa adapter 3. So, it's nothing, guys, it is just a specific LoRa adapter. So, on top of the base model, according to task, basically, you can load that. In that case, also, you can generate the response, right? But guys, again, here, you might get the answer.
Sunny Savita: Okay? You might get the task-specific answer, but over here, at this particular… let's say you are going to be generated… you are going to be generate the… you are doing a conversation with your model. In that case, maybe your model missed this preference learning, right? This lower adapter is not having this particular knowledge, it might… it might miss the preference learning.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, yes, you can create a specific LoRa adapter, that is fine, that is well and good, guys, but again, you will not be getting a, the suffice answer, right?
Sunny Savita: So, the final answer may be the will not be a perfect one. But over here, guys, inside this particular approach, right, either you are going to be take this merge model, or you're going to be take this merge model, or the final model, right? So, it's working well.
Sunny Savita: till that particular stage, right? If we are taking this particular model, so it is working, it is well with a conversational approach, right? If we are taking this final model, then it is good with a conversational, as well as a preference alignment. Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, we have one more approach. You can take the base model, you can train the specific load adapter, and according to the task, basically, you can load that specific LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me yes or no, right? Now, people are… people is having one more confusion, right? One more confusion. Now, let me clarify that also. So, guys, the confusion is what? So, here, basically, I can write the
Sunny Savita: confusion.
Sunny Savita: So many people must be thinking, sir, can we do like this?
Sunny Savita: The first, let's say, we are into the first stage.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I'm writing in the short, guys. So here, we have a base model.
Sunny Savita: Now, on top of this base model, what we have done, we have trained the LoRa adapter, okay?
Sunny Savita: So I can write over here, LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: Loadapter 1.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, what we have done, we have merged the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, this particular model, we have used as a base model.
Sunny Savita: This merge model, and this is from where? This is from the stage 2.
Sunny Savita: Guys, I'm going to be solved each and every doubt over here, right? So, please focus. Now, here, let's say we have a base model, okay? Now, here we have trained the LoRa adapter 2.
Sunny Savita: Okay? This one load adapter 2, and then what we have done, we have merged the model.
Sunny Savita: Right? More is the model. Now, what we are doing is, we are going to be, over the stage 3, over the stage 3,
Sunny Savita: Let's say… This merged model, we are going to be using it as a base model, okay?
Sunny Savita: And then what we have, we have a LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: 3.
Sunny Savita: Now, this is for the training, right? Now, many people must be thinking, okay, if we are doing an inferencing, can we do one thing?
Sunny Savita: Can we take a base model?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Not this merge model as a base model, no. Not this merge model as a base model, no, I'm not talking about this one. I'm talking about a base model only. And can we utilize this LoRa adapter over here?
Sunny Savita: This adapter over here.
Sunny Savita: No. It's not a correct approach. With a base model, if you're going to use this load adapter, it's going to be completely wrong.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Yes or no? So, better what you can do, you can take this model, this merge model, as a base model.
Sunny Savita: And on top of it, if you're going to be load this LoRa adapter, this one load adapter.
Sunny Savita: Then it's going to be correct. Then it's going to be correct.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: But guys, if you're taking a base model, or the raw model, Raw model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? This space model, this particular base model, this one, the first base model. And on top of it, if you're going to be append this load adapter, in that case, this is going to be completely, completely wrong.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Yes or no? I can give you the very good example, and with that, you can clearly understand. Now, tell me how many people are able to understand till here.
Sunny Savita: Everyone is able to. If you're not able to get.
Sunny Savita: just ask me in a doubt session. What you can do, guys, you can, again, watch out this particular session, and then you will be getting it better, right? I can give you one very good example. Let's say…
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, let's… here, what we can do, we can understand with one scenario. Let's say my Model 1. This is what? This is my Model 1, M0. This is what? This is my Model 1, M1, okay, and this is what? This is my M2. Now, tell me which is my raw model, which one is my raw model, can anyone tell me which is my raw model?
Sunny Savita: raw model, AM0 is my raw model.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: M1 is what? M1 is what, guys? Tell me, what is an M1?
Sunny Savita: M1 is by my merged model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, merged model. M2 is what? M2 is what, again?
Sunny Savita: merge model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? M1 is a merge model from Stage 1.
Sunny Savita: And M2 is a merged model from the stage 2.
Sunny Savita: This is clear to all of you, tell me yes or no. So here, we'll be talking about the base model, this one. So I'm talking about this AM0 model. Which model I'm talking about, guys?
Sunny Savita: this particular model, M0, right? I can give you the example. Let's say this raw model is my class 10 student.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, in the merge model, we have a class 10 knowledge, we have a LoRa adapter. Let's say the LoRa adapter I'm saying is a class 11th knowledge.
Sunny Savita: Okay, inside this merge model. Now.
Sunny Savita: Over here, guys, just focus over here, right?
Sunny Savita: So, in the M1, what do we have?
Sunny Savita: We have a class 10, okay? And what we have? We have a… sorry, this raw model is my class 10 student. Now, in the merged model, we have class 10, and this class 11 is what? LoRa adapter 1. This one.
Sunny Savita: Okay? This one. With that, actually, we are getting the merge model, right? Now, this one, actually, this is what, over here, you will find out that if we are going to train a, like, LoRa adapter 2, okay? LoRa adapter 2. So, let's suppose this is what, guys, this is my class 12.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, over here, guys, what we are doing, just focus, see, with AM0, with AM0, if you are going to be append this LoRa2, so this is completely wrong. What you are doing over here, you have a class 10,
Sunny Savita: Okay, and with that, actually, you are going to be append the class 2. Where this class 11 is missing, this LoRa adapter 1 is missing. So that's what I'm saying over here. With the raw model, actually, with the raw model, you cannot append the LoRa adapter 2.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you cannot append the LoRa adapter 2. So what is the correct approach? You can take the merge model, which is having the raw model in the LoRa adapter 1, and on top of it, basically, you can append the class.
Sunny Savita: Basically 12 knowledge. Getting my point? I think with that, actually, everything is being clear over here. Tell me. Is it getting clear? So, this is a completely wrong approach. This is a completely wrong approach. You cannot take this approach. So, either you can take this particular approach, this final model.
Sunny Savita: Or else, you can take this approach, this one. Now, tell me, guys, which approach we are taking inside our code. Can anyone tell me which approach we are taking inside our code?
Sunny Savita: We are taking this first approach, which is a industry standard for getting a final model, okay? Which is an industry standard for getting a final model.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Not every confusion is clear. Tell me fast yes or no. If it is not clear, you can ask me in a doubt session. I'll be discussing over there. But guys, don't ever take this particular approach. This is a completely wrong approach, okay? This is completely wrong approach.
Sunny Savita: And I think some of you are writing in the chat also, just to ask me. But guys, this approach, this particular approach, and this approach is a fine one. You can take this approach, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: So, can we go ahead with the code now? Can we understand the DPU code?
Sunny Savita: You cannot load the multiple LoRae over the single model, right? You can load only one LoRa. If it is possible, just check it out, I'm not aware about it. Ashlam.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: First of all, tell me, guys, again, I'm asking, is it clear to all of you, this, this first approach, I think this is clear, the second approach, this one, and the confusion one, basically, this one. Tell me, yes or no. I want yes or no in the chat. Then only I will proceed.
Sunny Savita: No, no need to be… no need to remember the code, Sundar.
Sunny Savita: Still, if you have any doubt, you can ask me in the chat. Sorry, you can ask me the doubt class, I'll be discussing.
Sunny Savita: X on a different task, example. Ask me in the doubt session, Mohan, okay?
Sunny Savita: Because this… there could be some personal confusion, right? I think for most of the people, this is clear.
Sunny Savita: Can you brief the second approach? Okay, I can again brief that. So, let's say this one is what? Okay, I can write M1, M0, and M2, I think with that, everything will be clear, right? So, let's say this base model is my M0.
Sunny Savita: This is my M0, this is my M0.
Sunny Savita: Here is my Load Reptor 1.
Sunny Savita: LoRa Adapter 2, LoRa Adapter 3.
Sunny Savita: Get my point. So, what we can do, guys? See, we have to train it.
Sunny Savita: We have trained this model, this one, this one, and this one, right? Now, whenever we are doing a fine… whenever we are doing an inferencing, we can take this as a base model, means by AM0. So, for this task, we can load one L1 on top of it, we can load L2 for this particular task, okay? If, I can write if over here, if.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Okay, so we can load L1, L2, or we can load the L3.
Sunny Savita: Right? 4. If we have a this task, we can load L1. If we have a this task, we can load L2. If we have this task, we can load the L3. Routing, we can do. Routing, we can do, right? But guys, see, over here, what is the problem? See, this one is what? This one is my…
Sunny Savita: This is the straightforward one, right? So, this is what? This is my base model, M0. Now, after the merging, it will become what? It will become my M1 model. After the merging, this will become my M2 model. So, this is very straightforward, right? So final merge model, so this is my M3 model.
Sunny Savita: So, for the final inferencing, we are taking this M3 model, okay? We are using this particular model. Now, over here, if you want to do the inferencing with the preference data, I'll be taking which model, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: I'll be taking this model, AM2 model, and this LoRa adapter, okay? I'll be loading that. Now, if I wanted to do the instruction, like,
Sunny Savita: If I want to do the instruction inferencing only, I'll be taking this M1 model, okay, and then I'm loading the loader. Individually, if I wanted to load, right? But yeah, we have a final model, so we will be utilizing that. This is straightforward, right? Now, over here, guys, inside this one, just focus. We have M0, this is my base model, M1 and M2, right? Till here, everything is fine. Now, in the inferencing, actually.
Sunny Savita: So, as a base model, we are taking AM0.
Sunny Savita: And on top of it, if we are going to be append any load adapter, let's say load adapter 2, loader adapter 3,
Sunny Savita: Right? So this is completely wrong. Why this is wrong? You need to be understood with this particular analogy. So just understand, let's say my M0 model is a raw model.
Sunny Savita: which is a Class 10 student. M1 model is a merged model, right, where we have a Class 10 knowledge, and the Class 11, which is a L1 LoRa, okay? Now, M2, basically, again, merged model, where we have a, like, the…
Sunny Savita: final model, okay, the model, basically, which is coming from M1 stage, from previous stage, and the lower adapter. This is my lower adapter, L2, okay? This is the class 12 student. Now, just think over here, if this particular M0, we are going to be append this L2, right? So, class 10 and class 12,
Sunny Savita: This combination is fine? No, it is not fine, na? Because in between, actually, class 11 is missing.
Sunny Savita: Class 11th knowledge is missing. So, this is a complete analogy, which I'm trying to be explained.
Sunny Savita: So don't go with this particular approach. Making sense?
Sunny Savita: Okay, just revise it, you will be getting. So, let's understand the code now, guys, taking, 1 minute of break, just a quick water break, okay? Then again, I'll revise this entire thing.
Sunny Savita: So I'll be starting from here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, 1 minute of break on.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I hope, everyone is back.
Sunny Savita: Can we start with the revision of it?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, here you can see the complete detail, guys. Let's start from here. Fine-tuning stages, non-instruction fine-tuning on the rack, raw text, okay, domain language, or knowledge style.
Sunny Savita: Fine-tuning, instruction fine-tuning, so from instruction to the response.
Sunny Savita: It gives the answer according to the instruction, okay, according to the input. Dpo, preference tuning, prompt chosen, what is rejected, better answer, prefer karna, right? So we are going to be prefer the better answer.
Sunny Savita: Now, here guys, let me delete this. See, stage 3 is what? Preference sharing with DPO.
Sunny Savita: So, stage 1, stage 2, stage 3. So, here is the entire description of every stage. Then, this is the format of the dataset, prompt chosen in the rejected, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, we have a prompt, we have a choose, and we have a rejected, okay? Rejected is a weaker answer, choose is a prefer the better answer, and then prompt is a user instruction. The goal of the DPO is to make the model prefer the choose response over the rejected response, right? I hope it is clear.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, this is the complete detail about the DPO, so let's look over here, what it's trying to say. So, DPO Full FOMO is what? Direct preference optimization. Now, the key point is, the model is trained directly using the preference data.
Sunny Savita: Right? Paper. So, we have a specific paper over the DPO. This is the paper name, guys, published at
Sunny Savita: Neural IPS 2013, by the stand for researcher.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the research paper, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this, paper, actually, it is published by the Stanford University. Now, you can check out the introduction of it, you can, check out, like, what they were doing in the reinforcement, learning, okay, in the RLHF framework.
Sunny Savita: So they are actually, they were having the reward model, okay? And then they were giving it to the LM policy, to the PPO policy. But in the direct preference optimization, we have a preference data, and then there, they are checking the maximum likelihood, means the final probability, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here, guys, you can see there's a complete detail of the, DPO. You can check out, the mathematical equation and all everything, which is, like, a little difficult to understand.
Sunny Savita: So, we are not going into that, because no one is going to be asked even this, okay, this mathematical equation and all. But yeah, I will show you the loss function of the DPO, how does it work? So, here, guys, you can check the theoretical analysis of the DPO.
Sunny Savita: your language model is a secret reward model, so the complete detail, so we don't require any reward model in between, so that you will understand once I'll explain the RLHF, right? Then, guys, over here, you can see the actor critic. So, as I told you, we were having the actor and critic in the PPO method.
Sunny Savita: So, this will understand in the RLHF, okay? So, PPO is, like, overlooking to this RLHF technology, RLHF algorithm, PPO algorithm, right?
Sunny Savita: Then, the complete experiment and all everything you can see in the form of graphs.
Sunny Savita: How does it work? Okay, in the graph, in the form of graph, basically, they have given the entire result, and all. Then, how well can DP optimize the RLF or RLHF objective? So, every sort of a detail you will get over here as well.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if you wanted to get the complete, if you wanted to get the complete, summary of this paper, then how you will get it? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: You will just download this research paper, you will provide it to the cloud or chat GPT, and from there, directly, you can generate the summary. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So let me give you the research paper link, so that you can keep it with you.
Sunny Savita: And even I can, mention in the notebook also. So, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this is the complete detail about the DPO, guys, so this I'll discuss in the theoretical session, okay? In the upcoming session, I'll be discussing all this detail. Now, let's focus on the practical. So, if I wanted to implement a DPO inside the hugging phase, so for that, we have this TRL library.
Sunny Savita: So I'm, searching about the TRL.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, here you can see, this is the TRL library, and under this TRL library, basically, you will get all the trainer. So, left-hand side, you can see the DPO, GRPO, reward, RLO, SFT, okay, so the different, different, trainer, you will get it over here. Can you see, guys, is it visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: So, RLHF is the outdated in the current context? Yes, RLHF is the outdated in the current context, you are right.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, what we are doing… see, let me show you. So, we are going to be install this library. After that, what we are doing over here, so we are going to be load the dataset, okay? From there, we are going to be load the dataset. So, we have a file, the JSNL file, okay? So, we are giving the file path over here. We are saying it is a JSON file.
Sunny Savita: And we are saying to keep the data as a train data, okay? To keep this data as a train data.
Sunny Savita: Now, once I'll execute it, guys, inside the preference data, I'll be getting my data. Now, you can check out the first row of that, so if you are going to be printing the first row of it, you will be getting the first row, okay? And this is the complete detail of the dataset. Prompt, chosen, rejected, source, page, and topic, it is a metadata.
Sunny Savita: So, is it getting clear? This particular cell is clear to all of you. Please let me know.
Sunny Savita: I'm waiting for all of your reply, if we…
Sunny Savita: If you are, able to understand it, please let me know.
Sunny Savita: So basically, what we are doing over here, we are just going to be load the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: We are just going to be load the data over here. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I'll be doing, tell me.
Sunny Savita: So after that, basically, we are going to be split this data into two parts.
Sunny Savita: The first is going to be train part, and the second is going to be test part, okay? Validation part. So once I'll call this method, and I'll provide my ratio, okay? So what I'll be getting, guys, I'll be getting my train data and the validation data.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me how many rows is for the training, and how many rows is for the testing, or for the validation, basically. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: How many rows is for the testing? How many rows for the validation, and how many rows for the testing? Sorry, this one.
Sunny Savita: trending.
Sunny Savita: 8 rows, right?
Sunny Savita: 8 a rows.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, what is a seed? Seed is nothing basically just for the reproducibility. So, if we are not going to be defining the seed, right? So, if we are going to be executing this cell multiple times, so every time we'll be getting a random row, random data.
Sunny Savita: So, if we're defining the seed value, that means at every run, okay, as many as time I'm going to execute this sale, I'll be getting a same data, okay? So, there will not be any shuffling inside the data.
Sunny Savita: For that, we are using the sheet value. Got it, Pradeep?
Sunny Savita: Is it clear?
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, guys, here, you can see, after that, what we are doing. Can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: So, what this code is about, this particular code.
Sunny Savita: So if you will look into this code, so what we are doing over here, we are going to be load the model. Which model we are loading? Tell me it is a M1 model or M2 model.
Sunny Savita: It is a M,
Sunny Savita: one model, right? Merged… merged model. So, if you will look into my nodes, you will get it clearly. So, base model, lower adapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay, then merge base model and load adapter 2, then merge, we are going to be load the AMP2 model over here.
Sunny Savita: which model we are going to be load. So, this model, actually, it is a M2 model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this model, it is what? It is a M2 model.
Sunny Savita: Now, on top of it, we are going to be perform the quantization, and then we are going to be load the model. So, here we have a base model, preference base model, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then what we are doing, guys, we are going to be append the LoRa adapter. So tell me, guys, here we are going to be… here we are getting a preference model, along with a LoRa adapter. So, which LoRa adapter it is? L1, L2, and L3. Which loader adapter it is? L1, L2, or L3?
Sunny Savita: So, if you will look into this particular diagram, this one, so it is going to be L3, this LoRa adapter 3.
Sunny Savita: This is going to be what? This LoRa adapter 3. Clear?
Sunny Savita: Till here, everything is fine, everything is clear. Tell me. So, which adapter we need to train? Which adapter we need to be trained?
Sunny Savita: Which adapter we are going to be trained? We are going to be trained LoRa Adapter 3.
Sunny Savita: Step 26, what we have is step 26?
Sunny Savita: This is my merge instruction model, no?
Sunny Savita: Right, Mombad?
Sunny Savita: And on top of it, what we are doing… see, this is my preference-based model.
Sunny Savita: Right? And on top of it, basically, what we are doing, we are going to be append the LoRa adapter. So, see, here is my model, M2 model with a LoRa adapter.
Sunny Savita: M2 model with a LoRa adapter. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I will give you the updated code. Wait, let me complete it, I will provide you this particular code, right? Good. Because I think I recently changed that. I will provide you this updated code. So, I hope till here everything is fine, everything is clear.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what we will be doing, see over here, just focus over here what we are doing. So, we are going to be import some argument. So, we are going to… see, forget about this inspect and all, let me comment it out.
Sunny Savita: Just a second. It is not required over here, inside this particular training. So we have our OS, we have our training argument, even this is not required for this particular training. We require the DPU trainer from the TRL, okay? So here, what we are doing, guys, we are going to be configure this DPU trainer.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, I'm just checking, from TRL, we are going to be import a DPO config, okay? So, has DPO config true, right? We are going to be set this parameter as a true, right? So, just forget about it, this code, this is just a code, right? We just required this DPO config and this DPO trainer.
Sunny Savita: So let me put it in the same… simplest way, okay? So we just required what? We just required this DPU config and the DPU trainer. That's it, guys. Nothing else.
Sunny Savita: And we require this preference directory, okay? Output directory and the adapter directory. Now, tell me, guys, the final training output, with all the checkpoints, we are going to be saved over here, okay? So by default, it will be saving over here. But externally, where we are going to be save the LoRa Adapter 3?
Sunny Savita: you know, isolated manner, where we are going to be safe, the LoRa Raptor 3.
Sunny Savita: Inside this particular directory, we are going to be save the LoRa adapter 3.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, over here, guys, what we are doing, see? So, we have created this particular directory where I will be saving the LoRa Adapter 3.
Sunny Savita: Then after that, guys, here you can see, we are going to be defining the configure for the DPO. So, we are going to be initialize this class with all this parameter. So, the first one is going to be a output directory. There, all the out… there, the entire output will be saved.
Sunny Savita: Okay? There, the entire output will be saved inside this particular directory. Okay?
Sunny Savita: all the checkpoints, metadata, and all everything, by default, it will be saved over here. Now, this is a step… this is the number of duration. This is the step, okay? In every epoch, this many steps is going to be executed. Now, this is the best setting, right? So, you can execute the data in the batches, so this is all the best setting. Now, here you can see…
Sunny Savita: optimizer setting, okay? This is the logging and the evaluation setting.
Sunny Savita: This is a checkpoint setting, how we are going to save the checkpoint. Now, this is a precision setting, okay? So, this precision and all, you will get in the next class, I will explain you this thing.
Sunny Savita: Then here, I'm not going to be, defining external logging tool, okay? Then.
Sunny Savita: Keep required column, so remove unused column, it is equal to false, so I'm not going to be do that. And then there's the DPO hyperparameter, this is with respect to the DPO loss function, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this is all the hyperparameter, basically, you can mention, you can tweak. You don't need to mention all the hyperparameter, okay? Only mention about the epoch and the step training. And if you have used data, then you can play with the best size and all, and then this optimizer setting. That's it, guys. Now, I'm going to define the DPU config. After that, what will happen, guys? See?
Sunny Savita: We have to define the DPU Trainer. So, this is the main class, DPO Trainer, okay? Now, here we have our model, reference model, okay? This is my, like, M2 model, with a LoRa adapter 3, okay? Then here is my reference model, so we are going to… we are not going to be mentioned in any reference model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, what this reference model does, I will explain in the RLHF, so that you can connect over here as well. Inside this DPO, basically, we don't require any reference model. We can pass it, but yeah, it is an optional one, okay? So, none means TRL will internally use the reference behavior. Actually, this is… this… it is mentioning this reference behavior using one function, okay?
Sunny Savita: I can explain that.
Sunny Savita: Then we have a DPR training argument, the class, basically, which we have created. We are going to be passed that object over here. Then we are passing a training data, the validation data, and the tokenizer, okay?
Sunny Savita: So once I'll initialize this particular class, then I will call the train method on top of it, this method. And after this, basically, what will happen? My training will be started. Okay, so see, this is the result of the training. Here you can see the step.
Sunny Savita: Here you can see the training loss, okay, validation loss, then the entropy, number of tokens, and the different, different other parameter. So just check out the meaning of the parameter. Step means current optimizer step during the training.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Then training loss, DPO loss, okay? Validation loan on top of the validation data on top of the unseen data. Entropy means measure how certain the model is, high means more random, low means more confident.
Sunny Savita: Number tokens, total number of token proceeds so far, log it chosen, log it rejected, raw model score for the preferred answer, raw model score for the rejected answer, okay? So internally is going to be checked, right? Mean token accuracy, reward chosen, reward rejected, right? So here you can see that result also.
Sunny Savita: Okay, reward, accuracy, margin, log piece chosen, log piece rejected, okay? Okay? So this is the, like, definition, or the, like, the short meaning of each and every parameter, whichever is mentioned over here.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what we are doing, we are going to be save the tokenizer and the adapter separately, okay? So, we are keeping the adapter, inside a separate folder, so that we can utilize it later on.
Sunny Savita: Okay, in the output folder, basically, we'll be getting our adapter, but again, along with the adapter, we'll be getting some other metadata and other things. So, separately, we are going to be save the adapter over here, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, we are pushing it to the hugging phase, so this is the entire code where we are going to be pushed the… where we are, basically, we are going to be pushing the adapter over the hugging phase, so later on, we can directly load it from there.
Sunny Savita: Okay? From every stage. Now, here is the inferencing code, so here is my merge model.
Sunny Savita: Right? On top of it, basically, what we are doing, we are going to be append the LoRa adapter. Now, tell me, guys, it is a append, or it is just a… it is a append one, or it is a merge one, what we are doing over here for the inferencing. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So it is an append one, okay? So we're doing an append over here for the inferencing. Now here, guys, we are giving a prompt, so here we'll be getting an instruction.
Sunny Savita: Okay, instruction in the input text. Then, guys, we are going to be merged both, and then, finally, we'll be generating a response, right?
Sunny Savita: So, here we are going to be build our prompt, preference prompt. So, this method is responsible for everything, so I'll be getting a final prompt. Here, I'm doing a tokenization, and that thing I'm providing to this preference model. So, it will be generating the final response, okay? So, here you can see this is the quotient. Now I'm passing the quotient to this particular method.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this one. This question will come over here, okay? It will be built, the final prompt. It is providing you the model after the tokenization, and the final response will be generated. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? So, see the final responses. Now, after that, guys, what we are doing, we are going to be clean the memory and all, everything.
Sunny Savita: Then the final merge model, the final model, basically, which I was talking about over here, you can see inside the blackboard. So this is my final model, M2.
Sunny Savita: and my LoRa adapter, right? This particular model, this is… after merging it, guys, I will be getting the final model. So where I'm getting the final model, so here, inside this particular… inside this particular, basically, inside this particular directly, I'll be keeping my final model, okay? So you can see, this is my merge… this is what is my instruction model, okay? M2 model.
Sunny Savita: Now, here you can see, this is what, this is my instruction model, M2 model, and this is my load adapter 3.
Sunny Savita: I'm going to be loaded. Now, on top of it, I'm just going to be call this method merge and unload. So, after calling this merge and unload, basically what it is doing, it's going to be merge the model permanently. So, here is my final model, final merge model. Okay, and that particular model, I'm going to be saved inside a directory, and my final turning is done.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now I can utilize this particular final model from this particular directory. Okay, I can utilize this final model from this particular directory for my entire conversation.
Sunny Savita: which will be trained over the domain-specific data, which I already trained over the domain-specific data, over the instruction, and over the preference alignment also. So this model basically will give me the final and the, accurate answer, okay? Which human wants.
Sunny Savita: like a chat GPT model. Now tell me, guys, this entire thing is clear, the code and all, everything is very simple, it's a self-explanatory. Once you will go through with it, you will be getting it by yourself.
Sunny Savita: Tell me the entire process is clear.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: So today, guys, we have marked one very important milestone over here, so we are able to understand the fine-tuning with all the three stages.
Sunny Savita: Okay? With all the three stages. Now, guys, what is the next thing? Now, let me tell you about the next thing, what we are going to discuss in the upcoming days, and what is going to be a next chapter. Now, first of all, let me give you this updated code, so I'm just going to save this entire code.
Sunny Savita: And I'm pushing it to the… Github, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, just give me a second, let me put… give you this updated code.
Sunny Savita: So, how was the session, guys? How's the learning?
Sunny Savita: Every doubt, everything is clear in terms of practical with respect to this fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Now, it's your time to revise the thing, and if you have any sort of a doubt, you can ask me in the doubt session.
Sunny Savita: So, have you learned this type of fine-tuning anywhere? Or you have just learned the fine-tuning from any GitHub dataset and all?
Sunny Savita: I think many tutorials and all, they are just telling the fine-tuning from the GitHub dataset, sorry, from the Hugging Face dataset and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: I think first time you have learned in the sequential manner.
Sunny Savita: most…
Sunny Savita: Most of the people, maybe they have learned from here and there, right? But yeah, majority of the people, they have learned from here itself, right?
Sunny Savita: The entire sequence, actually.
Sunny Savita: Great, Rakesh.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so now what all thing is remaining? Guys, I've given you the updated file, you can check out from the GitHub itself. Now, let me…
Sunny Savita: Right over here.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, just tell me, whatever I'm asking, let me know, please. So, the first thing is what?
Sunny Savita: Did you understand, what is a tr- what, like, what is a L&M training pipeline? The complete training pipeline, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: And practically, also, I have proved that, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, did you understand, about all the three stages? Stage 1,
Sunny Savita: It's Stage 2 is stage 3.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Stage 1, stage 2, and Stage 3. All the stages are clear, in terms of practical also, right? Now, we understood about the hugging phase also, correct?
Sunny Savita: Hugging Face also, so this entire thing is clear. Okay, we have learned thus enough amount of fine-tuning. Now, what old thing is pending? Right, so pending what I'm writing over here. First, I'll talk about the LoRa.
Sunny Savita: Okay, in the queue, Laura.
Sunny Savita: theoretically, I'll be talking about, concept-wise. Then I'll give you some understanding of the RLHF and the DP also.
Sunny Savita: So, DPU code, we have already completed in today's class. I will show you the RLHF code, okay? Theory also I will discuss. Then, guys, the same fine-tuning pipeline in the single notebook, I'll show you with the unslot.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I will show you with what? I will show you with the unslot.
Sunny Savita: Right? I will show you what, I will show you the onslaught. Now, after this one, guys, the fine-tuning is going to be complete.
Sunny Savita: Making sense, yes or no? Are you getting my point? So, LoRa theory, QLORA, RLHFDPO, this is already completed, but yeah, I'll discuss that, and then Onslaught. Now, I am going to be at one more additional session for all of you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what I'll do, guys, I'll show you the fine-tuning with the OpenAI API also.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: OpenAI API, basically, how you can fine-tune the OpenAI-based model. So, if you wanted to fine-tune the OpenAI-based model, how you can do that? It is very simple, okay? Within, like, 5… within 5 line of code, we can do it.
Sunny Savita: So, if you wanted to fine-tune any GPT model, okay, GPT-4, 5, whatever model, basically, they are going to be provided, right? So, how you can do that? So, as of now, basically, we are going to be fine-tuning the open source model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We can access this model, we can access the weight of this model.
Sunny Savita: We can download this model locally.
Sunny Savita: We can download this model locally. We can download this model inside the RAM.
Sunny Savita: But if we're talking about the OpenAI-based model, so here, we don't have any such, we don't have any such facility, right? So they have given some, line of code, okay, and using that API key only.
Sunny Savita: So, we'll have to be fine-tuned the model. Okay, so we are not going to be fine-tuning that model in our server. We are going to be fine-tuning that model over their server only. We just need to provide the data to them. That's it, guys. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is called the API-based fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we can discuss this, this theoretical point, THR, okay? You will get that. Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: Vertex CI, no, it is not. See, we are able to understand with the OpenAI, you can do with a vertex CI, okay, if it is coming to you or not. Got it?
Sunny Savita: LoRa adapter, same for all three type of fine-tuning. No, different, different LoRa adapter is there, na?
Sunny Savita: So, first stage, loader adapter 1. Second stage, loader adapter 2. Loada adapter concept is same, but we have 3 different loader adapter, Sundar, right? Just navigate to the code, you will get that. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, I think this is fine. Now, how many sessions it will take. So tomorrow, we are going to be complete that, this one.
Sunny Savita: And maybe tomorrow, or one more class I'll take, okay, for this one, Anslroth one, and the OpenAI one. So, most probably, two more classes for the fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, most probably, how many classes? Too many classes for the fine-tuning. And then, guys, from next week onwards, from next week onwards, maybe from Sunday.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be start with the… a rack chapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: We'll start with the rack chapter. After that, we'll move to the agent, and then we'll move to the project part. Got it, guys? Great.
Sunny Savita: Carrying clear to all of you, tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes, everything is going to be clear in the sequence.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, how was the session? Did you like the session?
Sunny Savita: Let me give you these notes as well. So, I'm giving you these notes, just a second.
Sunny Savita: I hope, guys, you are liking the learning, you are liking the session.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, are you enjoying the learning with me, or not?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. So, yes, I shaved… I'm saving the file, okay, I'm pushing it after that.
Sunny Savita: So, just a second. If you're facing any difficulty while you are looking the notes over the GitHub, just download it inside the local.
Sunny Savita: Audit?
Sunny Savita: So, let me add it, git add dot.
Sunny Savita: git commit hyphen M.
Sunny Savita: nodes updated and get… Push.
Sunny Savita: I've given you the code, please check out that. Guys, revision is required, now do one thing, please revise the entire code, okay? So please go through with this entire file, everything inside the single file, please revise this entire thing.
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys, so let's conclude the session, and after that, we'll start with the doubt session. So, give me 5 minutes, I'll put the timer for the 5 minute.
Sunny Savita: Then, we'll start the session, okay?
Sunny Savita: We'll be starting the doubt session. If you don't have any doubt, you can drop the session.
Sunny Savita: When we can start for applying the job, if you don't know anything, if you're new to this field, then after agent take chapter, or after one or two projects, you can start applying for the job.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Thank you guys, let me put the timer.
Sunny Savita: Then we'll start the obsession.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, let's start with the doubt session. Yeah, so big, what's your doubt? Please go ahead with the doubt.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, hi, am I audible?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you are audible.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Hi. So, Sunny, just a quick question, like, when you do some, like, in industry practical projects or practical implementation, let's say, from example, from start of pre-training to the preference fine-tuning.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Then, what kind of, what kind of size of data you… industry is taking?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So, for example, for the non-instruction-based tuning, what, like, here you have
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: use the six-pager document, right? So, what is the, data that, in industry, it is standard usage so that we get a good, model can get, good fine-tuning, all things instruction-based, like, whether we are creating it manually or something like that.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: What is the… what would be the size of the data? And in case of the preference training, what would be the size of the data?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, size of the data earlier also I said, right?
Sunny Savita: Size of the data, basically. See, we are doing a continuous pre-training, non-instruction, in that case, you would be having the huge amount of data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? The rows, the data could be in the, GBs also. Okay? But if we're doing an instruction fine-tuning, at minimum, you should have 50K to 1 lakh rows.
Sunny Savita: And if we are doing preference tuning, then at least you should have 10,000 rows. Got it?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: 2,200?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Just an estimation, see, it's just a.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Actually, yeah, just an estimated answer, but it depends completely on the problem statement. Let's say if you're working in one project, there you don't have much preference data, you just have thousand rows, so you will train on top of that, right?
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Right, I'm forgetting.
Sunny Savita: young.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Getting the point. Another, another follow-up?
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yeah, I understand, no such, no such limit. I understand, bare minimum, like, I'm asking about. So, another point is that, see, after the fine-tuning, is there any evaluation, like.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: whether the training is, how the training is, like, in machine learning models, we have some evaluation, right? So, here, how we can understand that, my model got trained well.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so that's what I'm saying, no? Evaluation-wise, basically, we can evaluate on the human-generated ground truth, right? So, related to the quotient, related to the, basically, given prompt, we'll be having some ground truth. So, we can take that ground truth, and we can evaluate that model. So, for that, we have a certain scores.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Perplexity score, rock, rough score, blue score, so that we can look into it in the upcoming, chapter, evaluation chapter.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Oh, okay.
Sunny Savita: There, I can explain you, I can take a same model, and I can do that over… I can show you the evaluation score, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, okay, thank you, thank you, that's all. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so Vic is turning.
Sunny Savita: Now, yes, Shukla, what's your doubt?
Yash Shukla: Yes, sir, am I audible?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you are audible.
Yash Shukla: Sir, first of all, my thought was regarding, classes around last Saturday, something. I was, you know, revising the code and everything, so there was one code with, the thing as, define tokenized function, if you can remember.
Yash Shukla: So in that code, like we are, in Python, when we were calling the function with its parameter, then, we also passed the parameter, but if I can share my screen anyhow, then I can show you something. I was not able to understand the syntax.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, you can share the screen, okay?
Yash Shukla: I'm setting her off.
Yash Shukla: So, no…
Yash Shukla: Yes, sir, is the screen vigilant?
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Yash Shukla: So, sir, in this, portion, if you can see def tokenized function, examples.
Yash Shukla: Sir, I was not able to understand just from where the example work came. Every code I understood, but as you can see below site here, the tokenize function is being called in the tokenized dataset.
Yash Shukla: And so, how, in both of the functions, like group text and also the tokenized text, how the example is working, as, here parameter is not fast, and what is the significance of these examples? Means, what does example…
Sunny Savita: I shared the updated notebook now. Please check over there. There, you will get a more clarity. Just open that updated notebook.
Yash Shukla: Okay, so in the updated one is, this is the… right now, today one, sir, no?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, open this one.
Yash Shukla: Yes, sir. True.
Yash Shukla: Both a nice function.
Yash Shukla: So, here also…
Sunny Savita: Tele tokenization functional.
Yash Shukla: Yes, sir.
Sunny Savita: what it will do.
Yash Shukla: Sir, you see some Mari tokenized functionality? Yeah, do you check? Yes.
Sunny Savita: Sorry?
Yash Shukla: Sir, did you do need tokenize function, like, you don't tokenize datast.
Sunny Savita: Line number 36, what it will do.
Yash Shukla: Sir, this will… text wala kol, for example, multiple columns, same text column hogi. Usmein sir bina padding ke… matap collater jaise juice bataitiage aapne. Usme text ko tokenize kar derega. It's simple jagar.
Sunny Savita: simple, so meaning, text leg ha usko number mein, number, convert karke jega. Simple, another token ID, generate kar de ga, ekk tokens ki token ID jejega.
Yash Shukla: Awesome, don't respond.
Sunny Savita: Abhin needs a scroll down, Kuru.
Yash Shukla: Yes, sir.
Sunny Savita: Slow down, kuro.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down, karoo, obi.
Sunny Savita: ka.
Sunny Savita: Nichajao? Or Nichakuru?
Sunny Savita: It should… huh, scroll down, Kuro.
Sunny Savita: a hamne.
Sunny Savita: Create a trading block. Matlap kayaki sari input ID ko lilya.
Yash Shukla: Awesome.
Sunny Savita: Anna, uske baat ke a kiya, 500, 512 ka, length kaik block banatiya. Wi banar hai, aur kuch ni karai. I quote joh bi logic lekhawai sausi kupalik hawai. Tohi ko, sapse palli ke kiya, sapse palla sari aid ko ekjaga akliya.
Sunny Savita: Okay. AK list mein. Uske baalke kia ye wala y calculation wala formula laga ke.
Sunny Savita: usable hoge, kitne trunk kit, finally, ko ya pe ko ye, keep only tokens that can fit into the complete fixed size block. Toh de ko yapankya kar rahin.
Yash Shukla: Sir, go to lengtheni.
Sunny Savita: That's it.
Yash Shukla: Or, sir, ix doh dito abhi aaphne humori hedo cheeseda bhata.i, aur hammariq label Ali cheesy thi. Toh sir bho label wali cheese kaya sargo nihana.
Sunny Savita: label kuch nahi hai, de ko aging phase ja peche koham samajan kilito asse samar sakte hain, ki to data hai, wo serve tokens bhadi ID meini hai, na? Toh usme kya hoga, next token ko perdit karega.
Sunny Savita: Right? But Hugging Face ka bolta, Hugging Face Bolta hai hamarko token toutera yo, saath mein label meh bhi ACM chi assign kar doh, just sehamm kya continuous pre-training kar pa ha next token prediction wallet training kar pa yin.
Sunny Savita: Toh se programmatically jo amko implement karna ina, toh uskele yamko wahapi, jo same token ID yung label mein dalna hoga, hugging face asa bolta haibunko, that's it, or kuch bhi nahi.
Yash Shukla: Okay, k, sir. Or, sir, actually, ki humne sir, code toh proper UI scar unto bhuman, but totally wo, seller. Toh procedure usoha me aki pileja lower adapter 1 aega fir dono kumar scar keh base model banaga, ya se ha. Toh sir inteh proper nihilikhatok.
Yash Shukla: Both models have it.
Sunny Savita: See, that's what I'm saying now. In interview, you will not get much caution from the fine-tuning, okay? And even in the real time also, you will not get much work from the fine-tuning, right?
Yash Shukla: duplicated.
Sunny Savita: So, this is just for your understanding, this is just for your learning, okay? And if anywhere, if you're encountering any questions related to the fine-tuning, so that you can explain.
Sunny Savita: So, this is just to understand the fundamental level of training of the model, that's it, nothing else. Okay? So in real time, basically, you will get a very less question from the fine-tuning chapter. Most of the question you will get from the reg agents, from the cloud side, from the end-to-end project side. Got it?
Yash Shukla: Okay, sir. Sir, one more last thing. Toh, sa duh loading wala concept, hai ki jisme hum…
Yash Shukla: for temporary time load karte hain. So, those are… for example, Laura 1 adapter, load kar rahin, base model, raw base model kesar.
Yash Shukla: Toh, uske baad sa har humi second load adapter model to load karne se pale fir uberwalo ko merge karna compulsory hoga ki just uske saatham load ker sak mein bida merge ki. That's cool.
Sunny Savita: Base model keys bhi load adapter ko load kar sakte hain. Take us specific knowledge daiki wa ha ape, combined knowledge ni ay gi. Tekken ja merge ke saath mein load adapter ko load kerogena, k se bhi stage pet dumpe, combined knowledge mein legiap ko. Okay?
Yash Shukla: merge kar ingetu.
Sunny Savita: Oh, ho, ho, correct, correct.
Yash Shukla: Cheap. Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Tanking.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Yash. Now, next doubt is… yes, Nitesh, what's your doubt, please? Go ahead.
niteshjain: Hey, hi, Sunny. Thanks, thanks for taking my, question. So, I think I have a same question what the, the Yasha was asking about the LoRa one, right? So, adopters.
niteshjain: My understanding is that, like, when you have a base model, right, and you are using, or appending it with the, with the adopter one.
niteshjain: or Adopter 2, or Adoptor 3. It is possible, but the only thing is that it would be a task-specific. If I want to have, like, maybe only a preference tuning, and I use, like, Adopter 3, the 3 with the base model, I can still have the…
niteshjain: the preference, in forensic, but I would not be having the instruction-based question, answer, or conversion.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct. That knowledge will not be included over there, correct.
niteshjain: Okay, so this is how it is, but what is a practical, implementation or the application would happen for that particular, step? I mean,
Sunny Savita: No practical implementation. Let me see. If you have any model, right, which you just wanted to train on the, basically preference tuning, right? Or if you wanted to keep all the adapters separately, and if you wanted to load that, based on the
Sunny Savita: basically required tasks, specific tasks, then you can do, right? But again, in practical, there will not be any use of it, because this is not going to be generate a correct answer.
Sunny Savita: The current way, basically, by using the merge one. Why I've shown all the scenario? Because people might confuse, right? Because there is so many load adapters, and we have learned the entire pipeline, no?
Sunny Savita: So this was my duty to explain the entire, the different, different, scenario, right? So that's why I've explained. Otherwise, in the real time, we will not be using that directly, okay?
niteshjain: All right, perfect, perfect. So, if I take the example of the LAMA model or something, right, so when we see the pre-trained model, like, LAMA-based models are available, and then I also see, also see, like, Llama instruct model, right? So it's the same thing, like, the meta might have done, the Lama-based.
Sunny Savita: Recovery.
niteshjain: And then they created the Instruct 1, and they released that to Instruct 1, which has the conversational AI.
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, yes, right.
niteshjain: Okay, and when somebody has to, like, do a, adding into this, reinforcement learning, or maybe as a performance training, they… probably there's a good idea to take the instruct one, and then train it for, the performance trainer team.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct, right.
niteshjain: Okay, okay. Yeah, this makes it really clear. Thanks, Hani, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, thank you, Nitesh.
Sunny Savita: Now, THR, what's your doubt? Please go ahead with the doubt.
THR: Oh, sorry, I was on mute talking, Sunny.
THR: So, I have the, the first question I have, regarding the multiple, lower adopters, can we append directly to the base model?
THR: So, instead of, you know, one by one, right? So we are getting the, much-based model. Again, we are doing on the top of the one more load, right? So…
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
THR: Can we append multiple LoRa adapters to the same model and get it the result?
Sunny Savita: No, I don't think, we cannot do it. It will give the error, actually.
Sunny Savita: Man, try, Nikki, I haven't tried that, you can check, but it will give error, we cannot do it.
THR: Okay.
THR: Focus.
THR: And, you know, I was going with the curriculum, sir, actually, so there's SageMaker, you know, I was very interested in AWS SageMaker.
THR: So are we, are we covering this, like, base model.
Sunny Savita: I'll cover that, I included one project, okay? So, after covering the cloud and all, I'll come to that. So, let me complete the other module, where the cloud is not required, where the fundamental knowledge and the basic practical is required. Once we'll move to the cloud project deployment and all, I'll discuss that, okay? One project I'll show you, don't worry, okay?
THR: Module files are, like, you know, LLM hosting on your own server that, we need from you.
Sunny Savita: Sorry?
THR: There is a model file in the curriculum, LLM hosting on your own server, with exposed.
Sunny Savita: There only, now we'll use the server, and we'll be doing that, okay?
THR: And also, sir, there is one more topic we are missing, like, you know, specialized fine-tuning, embedding model fine-tuning and visual language model fine-tuning. Are we also covering this, sir?
Sunny Savita: Those is, not directly required, okay? So I can give you as a task, you can do that, I can guide you, regarding that, okay? So, theoretically, I'll guide you. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Because those is not being used very frequently, and
Sunny Savita: We have mentioned that point. I think you might have seen in the syllabus, right?
Sunny Savita: So, syllabus basically is for the reference, right? So…
Sunny Savita: It's a guideline for the course, right? So some topics we can overlook, right? We can only focus on the priority… priority topic, right?
Sunny Savita: But yeah, I'll show you that if you want, so that you can perform, okay? If you want any additional session on top of it, we can consider that also.
THR: So, please consider, sorry, no, fine-tuning APO-based and specialized fine-tuning. So, I think advanced fine-tuning, we're already covering RPO, DRPO.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I can provide you some notebook solution, okay, like this only, so that you can go through with it. Got it?
THR: Yeah, so next we are going with the rack, right, Sarah? So, before that, can we go with prompt engineering? So, like, you know, it's sequential, actually. Model 6 is sequential. So, first.
Sunny Savita: prompt engineering, I don't consider as a separate chapter in the RAG itself, I'll spend some sufficient amount of time over the prompting itself, okay? You will get everything about that, don't worry, okay?
THR: Okay.
THR: Yeah, thank you, sir. Yeah.
THR: I think, so what I feel, you know, everything is same, only data, only data,
THR: Data creation data is different for every, tuning… fine-tuning. That's what I observed. Is that right, sir?
Sunny Savita: Correct. If you're looking on a framework… if you're looking on a programmatical level, then just we have to use the different data and the different class, because most of the things are abstract one, the entire mathematics and all, it's the abstract, actually, in the back end, right?
THR: What?
Sunny Savita: But you see, mathematically, everything is different, every stage is different, but programmatically, we just have to use those specific classes, and we have to perform the fine-tuning, that's it, okay?
THR: Okay.
THR: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: big.
Sunny Savita: Okay, next. Amit, what's your doubts?
Amit Gupta: Yeah, hi, Sunny. I'm with Sue.
Sunny Savita: Y'all wait for it.
Amit Gupta: It may be something, out of box, in this,
Amit Gupta: your bootcamp, but actually, I got you this bootcamp advantage in my office, and get some project, right? And, I'm transitioning into the AI lead.
Amit Gupta: Okay, so actually, muse aapseh ye thi, ki humne ke, gentic mode deploy ke hai, bat iski observability ke lime length fuse ko deploy karne hai.
Amit Gupta: deploy karne, either jo lang fuse as a SaaS service provider uske through karum, yafe self-host karum muji wo aurumi karna, actually.
Amit Gupta: agent kise banana.
Amit Gupta: pageant ko use karke.
Sunny Savita: Can you check if the Docker is available, self-hosting, for the self-hosting, if the Docker Compose is available?
Sunny Savita: Just check out that, because,
Amit Gupta: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I also will have to check.
Sunny Savita: So… if the Docker is available, I think using that you can do that over any server, right?
Amit Gupta: Huh, correct.
Sunny Savita: Let's see if you've created a server over the Azure, right? So just to
Sunny Savita: Docker over there, clone the Langfuse repo, okay, and there the Docker file will be there.
Sunny Savita: So just, run the Docker file, and, after that, that will be running over the, specific,
Sunny Savita: basically, path, right? So you can check out on which port it is running, you will get that, right? And then on top of it, you can apply all the proxy, SSL configuration, any sort of a security layouts, anything, right?
Sunny Savita: Likewise, you can, configure the language views over the Azure. Got it?
Amit Gupta: Okay, and one more thing, uske sa asat meze kaya ki, tohi si responsibility, toh SM kuch SLM fine-tuned karne hai on the basis of some specific domain specific to healthcare.
Amit Gupta: Toh aham kuch SLM banner, aap unko VME postkarna ezhur mein.
Amit Gupta: Jisei continue, kyah hot, fine tune hot rahin. On the basis of.
Sunny Savita: Later.
Amit Gupta: Toh, uske li ku chap guide karate, kikase ham musko, uski CICD bana, jisekihu, continuous fine-tune hot rahin.
Amit Gupta: With new data.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, what you can do, you can basically create a pipeline in this way. First, the data validation, training configuration, right?
Sunny Savita: Start the volunteering job, evaluate the model.
Amit Gupta: Hmm, if…
Sunny Savita: matrix is going to be passed, then save that adapter, push it to the, like, Hugging Face Hub or S3, or anywhere, or any model.
Amit Gupta: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And then deploy as an inference API, right? And you can run the testing on top of it. Getting my point?
Amit Gupta: Okay, yeah, right?
Sunny Savita: So this entire process, basically, you can follow in the form of CI-CD pipeline. So I mentioned one project, the SageMaker project, you can check out, you can take a reference of that.
Amit Gupta: Okay.
Sunny Savita: new repair.
Amit Gupta: Alright?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, inside… inside the syllabus, you will find out this one… that one project, okay? You can take a reference of that.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And…
Amit Gupta: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: If you want to do it via GitHub, then you can do it via GitHub Action also.
Amit Gupta: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Amit Gupta: mainly.
Sunny Savita: So, just check out, yeah, just check out, like, which, what all parameter is required, what all jobs you need to be configured inside the GitHub action.
Sunny Savita: And, basically where you are going to be run that, right? So, it is possible you can do that.
Amit Gupta: Okay, and last question is that, when we are doing the inferencing, right? So, the requirement, something like that, you can do some kind of hybrid approach. Means, in some cases, you can call your own hosted SLM,
Amit Gupta: And if it does not fulfilled the purpose, then you can call the Gemini, or some big LLM.
Sunny Savita: That routing you can do, you can use the LLM gateway for that, okay? I'll discuss that LLM gateway in the upcoming session. I'll be using that LLM gateway for my… all the callings, okay?
Amit Gupta: Okay, so in that, we can decide either we can call my self-hosted SLM… Got it. Okay.
Amit Gupta: Okay, so, I mean, it's okay, it is a not good time, but I sent the mail. If you have some reference.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I've seen your mail, but yeah, I think I couldn't reply. Don't worry, I'll check that, I'll reply, okay? But I think you got your answers right, so just follow that.
Sunny Savita: I'll just explore more about it, got it?
Amit Gupta: Yeah, correct.
Amit Gupta: Okay, thank you so much.
Amit Gupta: Thanks, and again.
Sunny Savita: you'll meet now, Sandeep, Pradeep.
Sandeep: Sandeep here. So…
Sandeep: Basically, humlog ye jo repetitive lufmein base model ki upar, nahya lower adapter apply karke nahya base model karlete, right? So, paile raw data retain instruction fine-tuned data retain uske baard mein humara jo preference wala reta hai.
Sunny Savita: Leighton?
Sandeep: Toh ye pure, cheesecake crux ye ak, basically weights or biases jo reheus model mein, wo.
Sandeep: At just hotel right there. Is that…
Sandeep: Fair understanding.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, right.
Sandeep: Acha. Or ye jo, instruction hai, abi yehammar.
Sandeep: J say AI guardrail ki baat kar amlo.
Sandeep: to other instructions itself is biased, kusko, kiss 30 keys, you know, fine-tune karna hai, ya kis teri answer denay, right? So, even though ye kafi overlooked lakta hai, kyoki humser process ke through jar hai.
Sandeep: Lake in other construction, agar… Just say race, gender, yeah, caste, right, whatever, express it.
Sandeep: thing, right? Toh agar isk under humlo ne isko proper instructions nahi de, toho ye biased opinion daysakta hai, or yeh reinforce kar saktai galap trigit, isn't it?
Sunny Savita: Right. Actually, see, for stopping all this thing, right? Uske le ABM preference tuning kartne hai. Okay? So, garteras implement karne ke liye, biased, or agarap meinerapiche theoretical session deikhengear.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Or explicitly bhi amkar sakte hain, just say LLM ke around job application build karte hain, just say mere chatbot build kiya. Right? Abi mere yay meni fine-tune a LLM utalya, fine hail, uske around chatbot meini build kiya.
Sunny Savita: Toh how may I explicitly usari chiya define kar saktao, programmatically, kaisari library aur kusseh bhi logic benakit al sakhtaung.
Sunny Savita: answer kare, right? Toh model ko bhi train ki aaja sekta hai, us tari ki ka data deki, usari ke ki ko prompt derek, ki bahay asani assay karna hai, asani asa karna hai, ye response karna hai, or explicitly bhi situation ko handle ki ayja sekta hai. Got it?
Sandeep: Mei isk lipuch rata ye. date me hai.
Sandeep: Toh, dikhne mein fine-tuning abhi koi sawalny garter ya, Kushny garta AI engineer gel.
Sunny Savita: Legion?
Sandeep: broader perspective seh deikha jaya, toh yaha par jahapar SME ki baat hoori jo, SMI usko review karne wala hai, right? Toh uskar roll bhod important oya taiki woke instruction past karta, yehi sahi location hai ke jahapar governance or guardrailh in place beta ja sakte, right?
Sandeep: Is that my fair understanding? Yeah, Apo?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, definitely, definitely. Actually, this is a, like, requirement of the real time, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, for that, as I told you, no, you can, basically do it on a different, different, stages. Training-wise, reference tuning, so I can basically, explicitly also, you can do it.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, we can understand that over the guardels, I kept one specific session only. Sorry, in one specific module only. So, there, we can discuss all this terminology, okay?
Sandeep: Okay.
Sandeep: nuances.
Sunny Savita: Lincoln.
Sandeep: response generate hora hai, usho control garna ko behavior, toho, basically, ye uskismit paella step emerge auser.
Sunny Savita: Correct. Matlo root level pair model ki training. Wo, fine-tuning hai, or kay jaga pek karte bhi hai, sane karte hain.
Sunny Savita: But, matla enterprise dalaphom application bharate ma aapay. Generally, ko ye vecha model, like us karound rag build karneka try karte hain, instead of training that model, right? So, EST signi chai is seam ko bodhacha knowledge ghe no ta hai, LLM ke round.
Sunny Savita: or agaram developer bana chatting hai afar, industry, like, as a LLM engineer, generative AI engineer, right?
Sunny Savita: or LM coaches samadhana chatty, toh, ye chapter amko, Parnatriya. Okay?
Sandeep: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sandeep: ESK around practices, koi best practices, wala koi thesis hai? Aapki…
Sunny Savita: practice kar sakte hai.
Sunny Savita: Otherwise, my assignment dungha woksol kar sakte aap. Okay, baki pipeline se me rahigi, aapka kersak toh different data lege.
Sunny Savita: Oskiuparek fine-tune kar sakte, kap na aim site kar sakte, ki, achamir kois model se ha responses say. Now fine-tuning through luna. Toh koi bhi real-time data set utaliji ka inside bhi scrap kar lije, uske up part tune karke, koi bhik model ko, aur check kary boisa response generated kar rahi kani kar rahara.
Sunny Savita: Mr. Marlow, last classmate, I think one guy was saying.
Sunny Savita: I had a base model, menevsko, ek menevsko movies ke testa set pattern kiya. Toh mumuja movie ke specific reviews or busara sab jahny laga. Toh essa aap koi bhak, personal data koi bhi wo aapka kain aurse data out aka aap test ki jiosko, ki…
Sunny Savita: improve karpaho responses, os model k, around to this data, okay? Got it?
Sandeep: Okay. Abu aapke playlist ka, put LinkedIn again.
Sunny Savita: Ap type Khaliji snee sa with a fine-tuning playlist, ap kumal diaga, YouTube pe, okay?
Sandeep: Tiglet.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sandeep: Or yeh AIPM jo product manager wala hai, uskeh lia kuch… Woo business.
Sunny Savita: insane.
Sandeep: Top.
Sandeep: abi product management, kuch aapke reference.
Sunny Savita: So, project achaap mein ko bhata, project manager kya kartata, batau.
Sandeep: Project manager to surf execution diktata pure.
Sunny Savita: Toh, AI project manager
Sunny Savita: AI use kar sakta hai, AI ke project ki lia wo project manager ho sakta hai, right?
Sunny Savita: Toh, project manager revis ko AI use karne hai, toh kya karega cloud use karega, cloud amko sap data, chat interface deta hai, skills deta hai, plugins deta hai, boss arakaman musi automate kar sakte hai.
Sunny Savita: So, project manager ko, ha, AI ka use karna chai hai. Dusra hai aki AI ka product banar hai wo, ko, ideas production tell leki jana hai, right? To wahapse kya unachie hai, product AI ka gayan una chiya.
Sunny Savita: Kese problem solve hoti hai, a AI ke bolte, kise problem ko better banana sekta hai, kon is ke user songge, rag chai hai, fine-tuning chai agent banana hai, right? Success case major hoga, team ko kese build karna hai, kiss mechar ko fale launch karna hai. Toh ye saara chapri to karte na, project manager.
Sunny Savita: Toh, ESG just seekne kit ko, kes feature ko se launch karna hai, team ko kese build karna, ja ker upon seeki jaati, ahati, chi, hot opaan conversation karke, aur team SRM management, woho ja ta. Lekin, jo core AI ke fundamental hain, jo core AI ke subject seek hai module seek wo ta up ya seekirauna.
Sunny Savita: I know.
Sandeep: Oh, Nate, both of Muchko, both helpful, actually.
Sunny Savita: business understanding, project understanding, client understanding, right? Legal compliance.
Sandeep: So, product manager role, transition karne from project manager is a different, product manager is different, right? To product manager me transition karne gilitoi pathway hai tisika kuch, hijo aap refer?
Sunny Savita: seek low, ache se ha.
Sunny Savita: That is the one and only requirement for the product manager, also.
Sunny Savita: implement karna hai, AI hai toh Q hai, client ko bata na hai, ki se kia AI mein kar sakte hai, usko convince karna.
Sunny Savita: Toh, says bhat pa discussion karna. Toh agar aapko AI ka knowledge hai, then you can discuss onto that. That's it.
Sandeep: Toh, aapka yeh wala tokari rahu kohar, dusra wala kansa bata aapne.
Sunny Savita: No code wala dikh club, no code wala, o ye course meh toah kya hogana AI tools ka knowledge meltai ga, toh koi automation ke liye agar aapja se cloud wara use karna chate hain, tokies kar sa kette hai. Toho sap, tola za, aap personal level pay a use karna seek jowe. Tools use karna seekja hoge, okay?
Sandeep: To Wobi, YouTube Pay, Ish Pay, okay?
Sunny Savita: wo batch hai, okay?
Sandeep: Take it, okay, thank you so much.
Sandeep: And it's really, I mean, amazing. Cigna and Mozabi are at, actually. So, nice to keep it up. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, thank you, Sandeep, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yaz is asking, I wanted to run your guys' subscription, can you please tell which I want to…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can check with the consulting team, yes, okay? So, they will guide you related to that. If you're taking a subscription, there you can access the multiple course, okay? That is one and only advantage of that, right? So, for how many months you can access, right? If you wanted to try it, or the trial pack is available or not.
Sunny Savita: So just check out, with the team, they'll guide you, okay?
Tej: for me.
Pranabandhu Sahu: Yes, sir.
Shaik Mazeed: and…
Pradeep Sahoo: Right, thank you.
Pranabandhu Sahu: Dual Nation.
Sunny Savita: Just a second. Pradeep, you can go ahead. Guys, I'll call everyone, don't worry, okay?
Pradeep Sahoo: Thank you, Sunny, for giving this opportunity. So, maybe you have answered this question. I am talking about the approach to
Pradeep Sahoo: Where they… it is very…
Pradeep Sahoo: task-based, right? You have explained, like, there is one… one thing which we are implementing from end to end.
Pradeep Sahoo: Like, M1 plus… M1 plus edit, you know?
Pradeep Sahoo: The LoRa 1 equals to M2, that approach to M2.
Pradeep Sahoo: So, in approach to… you said it is very task-based, where…
Pradeep Sahoo: You know? And if you have a question-answer task, then you will go for base model plus lower adoption, 2.6.
Sunny Savita: Right? Good.
Pradeep Sahoo: So now, my question is… If I am not trained that base model with basic pharma knowledge.
Pradeep Sahoo: Laura Adaption 2.
Pradeep Sahoo: If I do not train that, and directly go to LoRa 2.0.
Pradeep Sahoo: It cannot answer my basic, pharma questions, right?
Sunny Savita: Matlab, it won't be able to understand the basic terms and terminology, but based on that instruction data, it can answer, no, right?
Sunny Savita: uskat basic training kiya, non-instruction training kiya.
Sunny Savita: instruction fine-tuning kar ogehar answer response maul jayiga, agar malo apne wali training in nigi pele wali, dusriwali karti toh, model kuchatak answer de paega, 70-80% de pauga, uske kudki intelligence ke basis.
Sunny Savita: iska answer meh.
Pradeep Sahoo: vinegar.
Sunny Savita: stage mahala model use kar hain, toho better answer karaga, rather than the isolated one. Deki?
Pradeep Sahoo: the best practice is always the base model plus LoRa 1.0. Then, if you are satisfied, then go to LoRa 2.0. That is the best…
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct. But yeah, see, at some places, we don't have that, raw data. Directly, companies are giving the instruction data. They are saying, okay, use any good model, open source good model.
Sunny Savita: and train it over the instruction data, so that could also be a case, getting my point, right?
Pradeep Sahoo: Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. My second question is, I'm a data engineer, and I am seeing it, whatever you are telling here, the data is the key, that, you know, that preparation of data is the key.
Pradeep Sahoo: How do you suggest, like, tell me a path, how I can transition myself
Pradeep Sahoo: From this, their current data engineer to that particular room.
Sunny Savita: See, sir, again, I would say.
Sunny Savita: And whatever AI application you will see, right?
Sunny Savita: So this, all the AI application, actually, it is extending out over the data pipeline only.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, none of the model, basically, can give you the good answer if we are giving the bad data to that model. So, data engineering pipeline is a very important of it, for that, okay? So, what you can do…
Sunny Savita: you already have a knowledge of the data engineering. Along with that, you can learn that AI-specific thing. RAC, agent tech, application, right? How to build the agents, how to build the rack, data parsing, LLM fine-tuning and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: then you will… you can work on this kind of project, okay? As of… so far, you have coded the data engineering pipeline, now you can code this, project, okay? RAG project, agentic project, and all. So you will be having the combined knowledge, data engineering as well as this AI knowledge.
Sunny Savita: So, here, basically, you have an advantage, so you can promote yourself as an AI lead, AI architect, okay, project architect, because you know the data engineering, and you know the AI engineering also.
Sunny Savita: So you can, lead to the team as an AI architect. So those people is having an understanding of both things, right? Data engineering as well as this data science.
Sunny Savita: Okay, as well as this modern AI only. Those only is being promoted to the lead role. So, you can do like this. Got it?
Pradeep Sahoo: Yeah, thank you. Thank you, Sunny, and thanks for all this, you know, training. This is really helpful.
Pradeep Sahoo: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir. Thank you very much.
Tej: Recently.
Mohan: Thank God.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Tish, please go ahead.
Tej: Yeah. So, you were showing how, you know, we take the base model, and then how we train it, right? And then we merge, and then we take that base model, and then let's say we do
Tej: the… the instruction training, right? And then again, we merged that
Tej: And then we do the preference training, right? So, every time when we do this merge, right.
Tej: So it is actually, in short, it is changing the weights of the original model, correct?
Tej: It's changing the weights of the base model.
Tej: So, next time when you merge, let's say.
Tej: now you have the non-instruction training, M0, you merged it. M1, when you merge again with training data.
Sunny Savita: Is it…
Tej: We're gonna replace the previous weights.
Tej: From the previous march?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, those will be the learnable bits, actually. See, the LoRa adapter, actually, which is being created, is not anything… it is not coming from outside, okay? It is being created from the same model itself, from a merged model itself. So that way it is being trained, and again, it's going to be merged, okay?
Tej: I'm training the depth.
Sunny Savita: The weight is going… yeah, so don't think if the weight is going to be replaced, it's going to be lose the previous information. No, it's not like that.
Tej: So it's like appendix. It'll still keep that previous training, plus it will add this new training.
Sunny Savita: Alright, correct.
Tej: Research. Okay, okay.
Tej: Got it. Okay, yeah, thanks, Amy.
Sunny Savita: Think.
Mohan: Personally.
Mohan: Can you believe me?
Mohan: Totally.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Mohan, you can go ahead.
Mohan: Yeah, yeah, the same question as a previous question. So, if you are merging the weights, means the number of parameters will increase, right?
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, it will not be increased. The older weight is going to be replaced with this current weight, actually, okay?
Mohan: Older means, like, some… how to… how did the lower adapter, get to know that… that this particular… this special layers, which we have to replace? How come the adapter able to know that?
Sunny Savita: Adapter basically will know that, okay? So tomorrow I can show you that. I'll show you with one example, you will understand, okay?
Mohan: Okay, so whatever the merging, the number of parameters of the base model won't increase, it will remain the same, right?
Sunny Savita: Correct.
Mohan: Okay, so the second doubt is, regarding the second approach you have mentioned, so for the base model M0, we are appending to the L1, L2, L3, based on the different type of tasks, right?
Mohan: I'll give you some example of the different type of tasks.
Sunny Savita: Different type of task is same one, no? Non-instruction tuning, or instruction tuning, or preference alignment. This is the task only, no?
Mohan: Yeah, this is the task, though my…
Sunny Savita: Any… see, I'm talking about with respect to this stages, right?
Mohan: Yes.
Sunny Savita: But if you are considering the task as something else, let's say a conversational task, or any… any other, like, different, task, okay? So you can consider that also. So what I'm saying over here, I'm talking with respect to the stages, actually, okay?
Mohan: Yeah, my doubt is, like, so, suppose, you're, appending the base model M0 to, L2, okay?
Mohan: So, for this per pharma use case itself, you are trained the L2 for a pharma use case, and we are appending to the M0, okay? But this M0 will not have the pharma, like, will not be able to know the pharma terminologies, right? Then how come appending the L2 to M0 will give a good answer?
Sunny Savita: Will not append that, no, I told you, no, in the confusion section, I told you, will not append that, okay? This is not going to be a correct approach, okay?
Mohan: But you mentioned, like, in, inferencing, we will append the M0 with the L2, like, that you have mentioned, right?
Sunny Savita: No, sir, I said, this is not a correct approach, see? If you will look into the notes.
Sunny Savita: In the different slot, I mentioned that, see?
Sunny Savita: confusion. Stage 1, Stage 2, Stage 2. So, in M0, right, where we are going to be most…
Sunny Savita: There's going to be a wrong one now, M0 with L2 adapter. There's not a correct approach, this one.
Mohan: No, no, no, merging is… I'm not, like, I'm saying appending, not merging.
Sunny Savita: Correct, appending. Appending also. So it's not a correct approach, no? This one.
Mohan: So, we can't, we can't do merge as well as append.
Sunny Savita: Go ahead.
Mohan: Can you.
Sunny Savita: Here, I've shown you this analogy, see? Class 11 knowledge is going to be… not going to be there, right? So, this is the analogy. We understood, correct?
Mohan: Okay, can you go to the previous slide?
Mohan: Yeah, this one, this inferencing thing you mentioned, right? Can you explain this part?
Sunny Savita: This is a different one, I think you're not getting it, what I'm trying to say. We have a base model.
Mohan: Okay.
Sunny Savita: that's going to be trained the LoRa adapter with respect to each and every task. Now, for the inferencing, we can take a base model. So, if we have this non-instruction task on any other task, we can take this L1,
Sunny Savita: If we have this task, we can take this L2, if I have mentioned that if not, if this is the task, we can take the L3, okay? So this is a different one, and this is a different example, actually.
Mohan: Just a minute, just a minute. This is where I got confused. Here, based on the task, we can up, during the inferencing, we can upend the L3 to, M0, you mentioned, right?
Mohan: Make it…
Sunny Savita: Correct, based on the specific task, actually. Correct.
Mohan: Yeah, then come, comment below.
Mohan: Here you mentioned, like, we can't, like, the base model is M0, okay? We can't open the M0 to, 2, you mentioned.
Sunny Savita: But, we are…
Mohan: You also mentioned.
Sunny Savita: Please look over here. This M2 is this merge model.
Mohan: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and see, see, see, why you are going to be confused?
Sunny Savita: From where this load adapter 2 came. This one. This came from this M1.
Mohan: Yes.
Sunny Savita: This M1. Now, tell me, from where this loader Raptor 2 came, it is came from the M0.
Sunny Savita: Why you are missing this thing?
Sunny Savita: So this lower adapter 2, this Eruptor 2 is coming from the M1.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: This Loada adapter 2 is coming from the M0 itself.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. So, because of that, with the base model, we can merge it. But here, this loader Report 2, it is coming from the M1, so we cannot merge it with the M0, because then all
Sunny Savita: between, between.
Mohan: This example is for the approach one, right?
Sunny Savita: Correct. This is the approach one, this is the approach one, right? This one, approach one, but we cannot take this approach one like this, this one, this confusion one, because this is going to be a wrong completely.
Mohan: So, so this example, so since it is trained on M1, we can't append the LA2 to YM1. But,
Sunny Savita: Correct.
Mohan: Yeah, but if it was trained on M0, we can open the M02 L8.2.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct.
Mohan: the second approach, right?
Sunny Savita: isolated training, actually. This M0 with L2, M0 with L1, M0 with L3. Now, here, this is not an isolated training. See, M0 with this one, M1 with this one, M2 with this one.
Mohan: Okay, okay, so that's what I got confused, okay, okay. Is there any difference between appending and merging? Like, any…
Sunny Savita: Appending means at that time, permanently, weight is not going to be replaced. That's it.
Mohan: Okay, so only for inferencing, we are just adding that thing.
Sunny Savita: In fencing, it is using those drained weight, but permanently, it is not using… permanently, it is not replacing the original model weight, actually.
Mohan: Okay, so that will come under the approach too, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay. Marketing.
Mohan: Yeah, yeah. Just to go a little bit up, only one doubt is mentioned. Yeah, previous slide, please.
Mohan: Previously slide.
Mohan: Yeah, okay, okay, so instruction thing…
Mohan: Yeah, so, one doubt I was asking, right? So, for the base model M0, I guess the previous person also asked like that.
Mohan: So, if you're, for the M0 model itself, so M0 doesn't know about the pharma terminology, okay? L2, you're directly training this L2 adapter on the instruction-tune data, which for the pharma data, okay?
Mohan: Now, if you're going to ask some conversational thing now, so there is a good chance that, since it is now… since it is only, like, that, in the installation tuning data, whatever the thing it has learned, it will give it in the conversational manner.
Mohan: suppose if there is some other domain-related… same domain-related question, but which was not in the L2 data set now, then the model is alternate, right?
Mohan: Yep.
Sunny Savita: Correct. Let me see, if the data is not included in the instruction dataset, model will hallucinate, that's it.
Mohan: So then, in that case, this approach is not, beneficial, right? So, M0 with the L2.
Sunny Savita: Huh, correct.
Mohan: So, like, is this, second approach is actually used in production? Because it,
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we can take any good base model, which is trained on some good data set, like some big model, and then we can append the LoRa adapter, okay? So even though the model don't know the fundamental knowledge of the pharma, but still, it can manage, actually, okay?
Mohan: Or still manage, but still the rate of hallucination will be.
Sunny Savita: It might be there, it might be there, correct.
Mohan: So, in the real world, so this approach is… which approach is actually being used in the.
Sunny Savita: You can, train on the non-instruction data, then you can come to this one, instruction tuning.
Mohan: So the first approach is being used in the real-world thing, right?
Sunny Savita: Ha, this one, like this one. This is what we have followed now, right?
Mohan: Yeah, this we have followed, but second approach, rarely used.
Sunny Savita: We can use, okay? As I told you, you know, we can take any good base model.
Sunny Savita: And we can train the load adapter on top of it, and we can evaluate the responses. If it is not good, then we can go with the proper… this approach, okay?
Mohan: Okay, okay, suppose, what, one small doubt, like, suppose we are having the base model M0, the base model is giving a good answer itself, like, despite of giving the, despite of doing the non-instruction fine-tuning, the model is not hallucinating much, okay? It is, giving a reasonable amount of hallucination only.
Mohan: case, we can do directly M0 plus, LDA2, and then we can… we can do, again, performance tuning, and that can be used as a chatbot, right?
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct. From any stage to any stage, you can jump directly, okay?
Mohan: Okay, so we can directly jump from, yeah, stage 1 to Stage 3 also, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, this M2 you can take, sorry, this M0 you can take, and then you can just simply print the preference aligner. So, you can directly do the preference tuning, and then from there itself, you can generate the answer.
Mohan: Okay, so…
Sunny Savita: From any stage to any stage, you can jump.
Mohan: Okay, so from M0 to L1 I can do to get the domain data, and then I can directly train the L3, right?
Sunny Savita: Right, correct, that is also fine, right.
Mohan: Okay, yeah. Thank you, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Okay, next out.
Shaik Mazeed: and…
Sunny Savita: Sheikh, please go ahead. Yeah.
Shaik Mazeed: Hi, Sunny. Yeah, most of my questions answered with this explanation, but I have one more question.
Shaik Mazeed: So, how can I choose a good model? Let's suppose in the real time tomorrow, if I'm going to work in a job, how can I choose a good model? Can we have to choose only enterprise means, like, commercial models, or only open source models? How it would be?
Shaik Mazeed: That is the one question. And one more thing was, like, the Kodichia explained, I'm fine, I can get a clarity, but I was confusing with the params. In the real time, like, what values I need to be used, or kind of stuff. Like, how can I conclude it? Like, these values only we have to use like that.
Sunny Savita: Parameter-wise, you don't need to worry, actually. This will be taken.
Shaik Mazeed: good enough.
Sunny Savita: the backend, right? So, you don't need to be, like, go through with every parameter, you need to investigate that, right? Now, how you can take the good model? So, you need to check the, best model, base model quality, right?
Sunny Savita: So, if your base model is weak, then the fine-tuning will not be any… will not be a magic one.
Sunny Savita: So, you can take some… you can check out with some, popular open models, like Metalama, 3.X, Mistel model, right? Alibaba Cloud, like, Alibaba from the Alibaba, like, coin model is there.
Sunny Savita: from the Google, the GIMA model is there, right? So a strong base model with a small data set will give you the good answer, instead of the big base model with a huge data set.
Sunny Savita: So, always try to take a strong base model that will be… that will give you the good, response, right? Now, model size versus data size. Now, again, if you have model from… which is having a parameter from 3 billion to 10 billion, right? So, that particular model you can consider generally.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I would say take a good base model if you wanted to generate a good answer from the fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Mr.
Shaik Mazeed: Yeah, I understood, but how can I select this strong model? You are saying that we need to select the strong
Shaik Mazeed: I got opening.
Sunny Savita: a bao.
Sunny Savita: state forward answer hayne hai.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: model kits.
Shaik Mazeed: It does a.
Sunny Savita: karte hain. Uska research paper go dikhlettei harismo ka hai pharma data ka ko use kiay kini kiya.
Shaik Mazeed: used it in the US.
Sunny Savita: leaderboard bae. So, ye basic investigation karleh thing. Base?
Shaik Mazeed: What's the other category?
Sunny Savita: About the year?
Shaik Mazeed: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you were right.
Sunny Savita: For practical changes, sir.
Shaik Mazeed: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Shaik Mazeed: And the open source one, right? Like, in the companies, people will use open source one, or they will purchase something, like, how it would be something?
Sunny Savita: If they are doing a fine-tuning, then they will be using the open source one or not.
Shaik Mazeed: Oh, okay, okay, okay.
Shaik Mazeed: Fine, then. I asked you about the parameters, right? The code, you mentioned some parameters. Can I use the same parameters left tomorrow if I'm going to find…
Sunny Savita: Those hyperparameters, basically, you can tweak, right? So while you are doing training, you can tweak accordingly, those hyperparameters.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, requirements. Okay. Okay, fine then. Thank you, Sunny, thank you so much for having me.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Shaik Mazeed: Empty.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you, sir. Now, next stop. Anyone having a doubt, please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Mohan is done. Serendeep is also done.
Sunny Savita: Shake is also done. Guys, you can, lower the hand, okay, if your doubt is done.
Sunny Savita: For the whatsoever.
Uday: Yes, honey, thanks for, taking this in, call.
Uday: I have a generic doubt.
Uday: The example we went through today was very, very, very helpful. Pharmaceutical industry, some specific domain we took.
Uday: We did fine-tuning as well, right?
Uday: Maybe this question is too early to ask now, maybe this question is asked after 5… few weeks' time from now. End of this course, if we are looking to have an approach for the company.
Uday: to move all our data into a specific LLM model, like, for example, company-specific data.
Uday: Which is, will be specifically fine-tuned on the model, have a rag on place of part of it, actually.
Uday: Is it possible to have a service available to take any of the company data
Uday: Get it modeled through some kind of a fine-tuning mechanism with the instruction modeling as well.
Uday: And then chewing rack pipe plan.
Uday: would it be a separate service on its own, where anybody can query and get data what they want? Like, instead of everybody building individual
Uday: You know, application-level domains.
Uday: Is there a company-level LLM being built? Is it possible to do this?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it is possible, but in industry, we usually won't, don't move all the company data directly into the model through the fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay. A better architecture is a combine of both fine-tuning and rag.
Sunny Savita: Fine-tuning is useful whenever we wanted to the model to learn company-specific language, responses style, workflows, domain terminology, okay, and the instruction following behavior. RAG is useful for the factual, dynamic and the frequent changing company data.
Uday: Right?
Sunny Savita: Such as document report, SOP, tickets, PDF knowledge, base article, internal record, and all. So the ideal approach, what would be the ideal approach? Fine-tune or instruction tune the model on the company's specific behavior and the domain understanding.
Sunny Savita: Keep company document in the separate rack pipeline using the vector database, or vector-less, vector-less approach, okay? At query time, retrieve the latest relevant data through the rack and pass it to the fine-tuned model.
Sunny Savita: On top of it, you can add the guardrails, access control, logging evaluation, and the governance around whatever, basically, you wanted to add.
Uday: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, we can build a service where company data is processed, indexed, and made available through the RAC pipeline, while the model can be fine-tuned for the domain-specific task. Got it?
Uday: If that is the case, are we ending with company-specific LLM? Like, is it an LLM by its own, including its corresponding, you know, fine-tuning and rack built into it?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can, basically take any open source model, or you can do the API-based training also, means you can train any GPT model via OpenAPI, and that also you can use it for the RAG purpose, okay?
Uday: Is that pretty common across all companies, all industries?
Sunny Savita: Pretty common one, directly take a model and build a rag on top of it, that's it.
Uday: And it's all internal, we can do through Olama, like, nothing is also the company itself. The concern of security is a big concern for us, right, to ensure that…
Sunny Savita: To do that, you can, basically work with a managed environment, so that will not be a concern, okay?
Uday: Inkerson.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Yash Shukla: Sir, I was having just one more doubt last night. Sir, I bought the course of, you know, Identity KI, 3.4.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Yash Shukla: So, answer one more thing, someone asked in the class, in the doubt is, right now, about, you know, LLM Gateway. So, I was just, going through this, topic. Is there any difference between LLM Gateway and AI Gateway, and, what is the importance? Because one day, I think, one megaclass was also held on YouTube or in Zoom class by yourself.
Yash Shukla: So, can you tell, and, will it be included in our course also, at the LLM or AI Gateway?
Sunny Savita: AI Gateway, LLM Gateway, same ESR, right?
Sunny Savita: Gatewayado, different model ko access karagaw.
Sunny Savita: Okay, open routers implement oyata hai. Alag-alag orbi framework,
Sunny Savita: Muskabi.
Yash Shukla: For example, microservices, load balancer voltage ko hi ko service down switch kar jayaga.
Sunny Savita: See, we can say LLM Gateway actually comes under the AI Gateway, okay? So AI Gateway could be the broader platform, where we are managing multiple AI services, such as LLM routing.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and the different other routing also, embedding routing, vision model and all.
Yash Shukla: Yes, sir.
Sunny Savita: So, this is not a different term. We can say LLM Gateway or AI Gateway, but on a broader level, we can say AI gateway. That is a broader term. Under that, the LLM Gateway comes, that's it, okay? Confuse Neona, simple, that's it.
Yash Shukla: How important is.
Sunny Savita: May LLM get with the Khaduna, both easy implement kart, no. Oh, upon,
Sunny Savita: implement kerneling, okay? When we'll be… we'll come to that level, okay?
Yash Shukla: Also, sir, iski, abhi, sir, AI subscription krini ka nasesti klodia auska. For example, ki si bhi AI platform. Can you recommend ahabneh dot akshayfi use kiya over to, if you can advise something?
Sunny Savita: Claude Kalilo, no, Claude ChatGPT, Claude Kalilo, jateonse, almost.
Yash Shukla: Jesus.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Yash Shukla: 100%.
Sunny Savita: Oh, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I need more doubt. Manasa, what's your doubt?
manasa: ties and… Hello.
Sunny Savita: your heart.
manasa: Hi, Sunny, this is Lakshmi. Actually, I'm connected from different laptop, so that's why my name is different.
manasa: So, thank you so much for all your sessions. This session is very clear for all of me.
manasa: And I understand the overall thing. I have a small question, okay?
manasa: Yeah, so the fine-tuning pipeline, like, we have raw data, then we take the, you know, method one.
manasa: we take one base model, and then we train on LoRa adapter, then we can use the non-instructional kind of stuff, like, to predict the next token.
manasa: Right?
manasa: So, yeah. And then we merge this model, I mean, AM0, I mean, base model, the low, lower adapter, and then we use the base model for the
manasa: Instructional fine-tuning with conversational data.
Sunny Savita: Correct, right.
manasa: this, base… in the first step, the stage one, where we merge this one, okay, whenever we add the LoRa adapter and we use
manasa: Non-instructional fine-tuning. And once it is merged with a model.
manasa: where this one using the second stage, the base model for the non-instruction. In between, when it is measured also, we can… the measure model, the base one and low… lower adapter one, once it is measured also, we can use for the, non-instructional, predictions.
Sunny Savita: Really?
manasa: you can…
Sunny Savita: Utilized for that, yeah.
manasa: And again, again, we take this one, the base model, I mean, the measure model in the first stage one, M1, and then we add the flora adapter 2, and then we use for the conversational data.
manasa: Then we are referencing for the conversational point and answers kind of stuff, right?
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct.
manasa: Then we are using this merge model also. We can do the merge model we can use for the base model for the stage 3, but this merge model, I mean, base…
manasa: One and Laura, Simon 2.
Sunny Savita: See, ma'am, see, ma'am. Don't be confused much. Whatever pipeline I have followed, just follow that, just revise on that, okay? If you have any doubt, then ask me, okay? In the tomorrow session. But I would suggest you, don't be confused much, just follow my pipeline, that's it, okay?
manasa: Yeah, yeah, not confused a little bit, actually. So, when we are matching the base model and LoRa one, we can use that one for the prediction.
manasa: Non-instructional one, okay? This is the first step, na? My question is now, then after that, we are merging M0 plus, LoRa one.
manasa: this upper merging, we have this replace the weights of the original model. So, after this also, we are using non-conversational prediction.
manasa: The next step in production, right? So…
Sunny Savita: You can do that, you can even perform the practical, just check it out, that, okay?
manasa: Oh, okay. So, and my second question is, like, I don't have, like, any raw data. Directly, for example, I have the conversational data. So, directly, I take the… any base model on the M0, plus I can do the LoRa, and I can directly perform the…
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct. That is also possible, right?
manasa: Because not… we don't have the, raw data, right?
Sunny Savita: Got it.
manasa: Okay, that's what my question is. Thank you, Srnie. Thank you so much for all your messages. Everything is clear.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, ma'am, thank you.
Sunny Savita: No.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, bye-bye. Good night. I'll, join the class tomorrow then.
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss all the remaining topics. Thank you, bye. Take care.